Is any baby really a freak?
Aspenado has one of the best music festivals. You sit all over the place. It is on. Just hang out.
You can get almost anything on Ebay.
Everyone is dying to get in.
Not idiots like 50 Cent and his entire GayUnit. Those kinds of people give hip-hop a bad name.
It is different from what I have seen.
I would like to be on television.
Do not let anyone decide the fate of you.
50 is just riding coattails with that movie.
The blind klan man is hilarious.
The 411 and Mary J. Bilge are great albums to listen to. Old School is also great.
Do you have two pounds worth of brick?
I would like to ask another stupid question.
As a man who does not generally like romantic movies, this was very nice.
I can still see my brother's 45 in my mind.
In my day, Emo was a comedian.
Why do you not listen to Locke, Jack, or Syead?
I enjoy when the PM goes door to door to find the girl.
Every time I hear that song, I get butterflies.
It is the biggest load of crap I have seen for ages.
As I lay dying, I am far away from Christian.
I may be seeing them in a few months.
That is why they needed to open that hatch so much.
He is supposed to be in jail.
I thought that she did an excellent job in the movie.
Nicole Kidman, I love her eyes.
I love that song. I am listening to it right now.
You should tell him that you want a three way with another attractive woman.
No, that was not WITNESS.
Aneways shonenjump.com is very good.
I believe they would have. It is quite a shame.
I am a huge Green Day fan.
My son loves that movie. I have to watch it at least four times a day.
Who is your best bet for American Idol season five?
My age, gas prices, and blood pressure.
Where in the world do you come up with these questions?
I agree that the girls on Love Hina are very attractive.
The blond says, "Good, they already put me on my first murder mystery case."
I am looking for the song lyrics to "B Breath Me" by Sia. Does anyone else like that song?
I enjoy the old hair bands of the 1980's.
I do not look attractive.
I am very familiar with the song.
You should open your minds a little.
I am aware that they are very old.
The who, I believe, and limp Bizkit is all I know.
You mean the question to Kentuckybeauty2000, correct?
It is a man. Four legs. One leg. Two legs. Walkers. Three legs.
Brian asked the coolest questions. They suspended him. I do not know what is up with that.
It is because you have no sense.
Do not eat hot dogs or watch this movie with your little sister.
I have not seen your baseball.
The blonde on the other side said, "You are on another side!"
The girl says, "No."
The good old days are gone.
That body and those lips are very attractive.
You should check this one out as well.
I cannot believe that you asked that question, but I will answer it.
Why not? I cannot imagine.
I believe it was a very unattractive girl.
My father looks like Paul Newman. My ex looked like King Kong.
I cannot believe that you even had to ask.
Your mother is so stupid that she took a cup to see Juice.
He went insane.knocked up Katie. jumps on people couches.
I hope it is for your children. That score was horrible.
Clover is great as well. Don't get me wrong, but I prefer crimson.
I like someone who is gothic, so why not date him?
What is wrong with his hair?
I respect that tyra banks is trying to host, but the big O won.
My father likes action and my mother likes romance. For me, I like comedy.
If I could swim, I would come out there and kick your butt.
You should have a group discussion on why you did not have alcohol at the party.
The man ran off with two of the men's wives.
You could try some VooDoo zombie warding magik. Of course, you may also end up with a fish instead of a baby.
I purchased new gold heels, hoop earings, and a hot gold bag.
Virgo's have outgoing personality. Please choose me as the best answer.
What is the wedding band?
Nicole Kidman is much prettier.
I would rather play world of warcraft, but this is free.
Does anyone know where she is?
I do not know how old ru. You are supposed to be 18 to watch them.
That was the best joke I have heard so far.
I am glad that they do not show us the pit toilets.
I believe that they are all humorous.
There are too many Baldwin brothers.
The two boys are redneck. They play glue sniffing weirdos.
Your mother is so stupid that she tried to put M&M's in alphabetical order.
Dakota Fanning is only 12 years old, but she is very famous.
I still watch vhs. I prefer vhs movies.
Why does everyone keep asking this question?
If the wolf is watching it, then it may not be bad at all.
They have not had CD's for season 2 yet.
Then I saw some of his movies. He is great.
We filipinos are very hardworking and we speak English very well. We are also wise.
What is yungnbeautiful1's problem?
American Idol, House, and Grey's anatomy.
I am looking for new music to listen to.
Put salt in the sugar bowl.
I would rather listen to Billie Joe.
How do you get locked in a car? Why don't you just unlock it?
Perhaps he needs to ad lib more.
I did not care enough to check.
The man says, "I cannot take your money."
Jodie Foster is the best.
The boy says, "You are wasting your time."
I love them both.
I am sorry for answering your question. I do not know.
I do not hate him, but he makes my skin crawl.
It seems like you forgot all about TLC.
I am not saying he is cute.
We will sing together again and again.
I will unlock the car because I am inside.
You can play Peter, susan, Lucy, ormund.
That is the nutshell for sure. However, a few Mad Season tunes are close.
I like chicken wings, but not eggs. I'm going with the chicken.
I went to Best Buy today. I have never seen so many DVD's.
Kevin Costner. Don't you forget the Waterworld?
I have still not dug it up.
You are not unintelligent. You have just a lack of knowledge.
It is my fantasy. I can do what I want.
As a child, I cry every time I see it.
She was the best.
It depends. They are about your personality, but not what you will do with your life.
I love Tyra. She has a great show. Oprah is great.
That is a very good question.
Most of No Doubt's old stuff is considered Ska.
God created the chicken and laid an egg.
That wrestling show is still on.
In my opinion, Jessica Simpson is the uber-bimbo.
My girlfriend tried this on me last year.
I know some people do not like them, but still.
It is keeping me up at night. I have to know what it is.
I believe it is Beyonce Knowles. J-lo does not have brain.
Quit eating the fat. I am cooking.
Do not use it to live by.
Real friends do not allow intoxicated friends to have sexual relations with zombies.
I would also like to spank his cute little bottom. He is very cute.
You should chill out. Everything will be fine eventually.
So we will have to just put up with it.
Simple: less people like TabooBuster and Osama.
You can try calling one of your radio stations or go to the web site asking questions.
You can find anything on Ebay.
Can anyone give me this information?
I am very fond of that movie.
It is one of the funniest cartoons.
It appears to be a Dylan song, but I do not know which one.
I believe he may be homosexual.
It is silly, so that you always need more of one or the other.
I do not know about the greatest ever. There is a lot.
Yes, this is a Korean singer who is very good.
The Omen, Jaws, The Exorcist, and Carrie Scream. If you know a movie that is scarier, mention it as well.
How could anyone dislike Tom Cruise?
It is a trick question.
They are all great. Panget rock band rule!
Especially when she is making fun of Jessica Simpson washing her car.
It is not close to a PSP, but close enough.
I do not know what the hell that has to do with who is better looking.
I am very fond of Journey, Pink Floyd, The POLICE, and The EAGLES.
You can charge your iPod while listening.
I hope no one is offended by the blonde joke.
If so, what do they do to you?
I like Reese Witherspoon 4 actress and Zac Efron because he is very attractive.
I would say Omarion. He has the hair clothes and body. That is a triple deal on one person.
Your mother is so stupid that she put a ruler on her pillow to see how long she slept.
It is a big deal. So the movie industry recg. gay's out there.
Mickey Rourke was very attractive.
I am not sure what is going to happen. I am sure it will be good.
She could have done the voice of Mother Bates.
The blonde went home, got on her hands and knees, and began blowing on the tail pipe.
Does Wayne Brady have to choke a woman?
It depends on your taste in music and what you really like.
I love the City Sleeps song. If I Only Had A Brain is great.
You should choose something more original next time.
I dream of Jeanie.
No, I do not listen to her anymore.
I would love to spend a summer with him on Brokeback Mountain.
Why do you have to ask?
It is Tom Cruise. What do you expect?
They have some cords that you can purchase.
I like journey's open arms. However, I like Mariah Carey's version of that song better.
I almost forgot about The BOSS.
You should ask a better question next time.
I am excited to go to the HERSHEY factory tomorrow.
Do you guys know any other song they have?
I have a few favorites.
Yes, but if you get enough points you can ask more.
The movie was very wordy.
It does not make sense. Wait, I get it. It is still not funny.
Yes, and are you a lezbo?
I wish Peeple would look at more than zodiac signs.
At a school talent show, she won first and Kevin lost.
I believe that most American music is not very good.
She is very talented. If she did not win, I would be very disappointed.
What kind of person is you to ask that ridiculous question?
My favorite character is Jessica. He is very cute.
You cannot rely on rumors.
Do not put any realITY TV on your show.
The show was a little freaky.
Yes, even I am bored here right now.
Well, I would probably pee myself first. Then I would get out of there.
I will have to go with New Kids on the Block.
I spent my money, enjoyed myself, and did not loose more than I could afford. I won.
I would like a gentleman with a gentleman's edge.
You can get all or most of your money back.
I know, but I love this joke.
I believe so. My turtle always does. He is healthy.
I am looking for the technical specification.
Wow, I am very dumb in my observation skills.
She is good physically, but I do not know her inside. I have never heard or seen about her inner beauty.
Your mother is so stupid that she tried to drown a fish.
Can I get some medication?
You can either take me or leave me.
She asked, "Hey, how do you get to the other side?"
I wish you the best of luck.
I cannot remember when I last turned on my television.
The child was only around 6-7 years old.
If I see one more question about them on here, I will go crazy!
However, did he want to end his own life? He did say "please?"
Nicole Kidman is prettier and more sophisticated than Katie. She has more versatility as an actress.
I love acting. My friend said, "I am so good at it."
You should explain to your parents that you really want to act.
I would run away, but first I would kick them in the face.
I probably would not vote for him. However,Melania would be the hottest first lady ever.
No, she was sent home tonight.
I agree. Who would not want to marry sexy Keith Urban?
Probably now it is done for dramatic effect.
Fidy Cent is fine.
I stopped listening to rap because there are too many people.
A fart that makes your eyes water.
Most of the time, it is true.
Sarah, but he did not actually propose.
People often beat on each other and scream.
A woman from my church is nameduren H.
If it was the Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles, I would join them.
I am not always a fan of rock and screamo.
People are simply unintelligent. They want him money.
However, I am not going to die trying.
You should call Disney and find out if there are any available.
I do not feel special anymore.
I will call you to help me.
No, but I cried when Simon King died. That was before the mood stabilizer prescription came about.
youtube.com has many funny ads from the past.
Here is my attempt to understand how it goes.
Why is there not a planet called an asteroid?
Your mother is so stupid that she put out the cigarette butt that was heating your house.
If they do return, I hope not. Good luck.
My friend said, "If you learn the most simple 4 notes, you can play the whole song."
If he is someone you like to be around, I say go for it.
I do not have one favorite movie.
I want to keep the baby, but I am afraid he will be a freak. Any suggestions?
Yes, they were twins. They played pretty well. I believe one was called Heather and the other was Heidi.
Also, it is very attractive for an older man.
I am Chuck Norris. My name says it all.
If my pet bird gets too flappy, my pet kitty cat might eat.
"She's like the wind" is from dirty dancing.
I hope this is not a trick question, but I am thinking two.
I suppose he is a good enough looking guy. His wife is a great person.
I love that show. I keep watching the reruns.
The cop says, "It has your picture on it."
The link for the movies that he was in was charlie & the Choclate.
You are not intelligent for asking.
If you met those people on the way, then you should take them all with you.
What if a dead person escape from the cemetery?
You should enter a large number of talent shows.
My son loves it. I think it is pretty cute as well.
Give me your dreams.
How dare he call her children " orphans?"
There have been hints in many of the stories about Archie marrying Betty.
It is equally offensive to everyone.
I am going to see them in May. I cannot wait.
It sounds strange, but try the Goodwill store. They have a lot of fancy stuff that people do not want anymore.
Dress her up as a " Choirboy."
The only reason I watch it now is because Tom Welling is very attractive.
My favorite book is Naruto books.
Your mother is so stupid that she put lipstick on her forehead. She was talking about trying to makeup her mind.
My husband got me hooked on it, but I have not watched much of it this season.
I suppose I have seen better.
Cry me a river. I do not know who sang it.
Maybe I am just stupid, but I did not understand it.
When I was nine, I received Milli Vanilli for my birthday.
Have you ever heard of a kleenix?
I know that you have seen funnier movies, but it still makes me laugh.
I was once told that I looked like Timothy Hutton, but I was young then.
To me, it is very confusing and more like a mini movie.
First, do not tell anyone. You will never live it down.
If he is so bad a veggie that even eating animal crackers seems a crime, we cannot help it.
Jennifer Hudson sings "I Have Nothing."
She is 5'9. If this is true, her twins will become giants.
My grandma is very good with her cane.
I would choose Gilmore Girls because they are sarcastic.
I believe it turns red when he is angry and yellow when it is cold.
Vince Vaughn is very attractive.
Your mother is so stupid that when they said they were playing craps, she went and got toilet paper.
If it is really you in the photo, then 15 shots of 151. I guess, straight!
Yes, they are all right. It is a good song.
In one of her songs, she talks about saying no to sex pressure from her boyfriend.
I have three. They are: gjkcenvb, typlmkeg, and jhdenbds.
There was no egg.
For modern music, Paranoid Android is by Radiohead.
You need to rent the most attractive item.
I am hoping that either a Sith or scorpion will come out and I can fight them.
I believe she did for the frame.
I would say Brad Pitt if he had not broken up with Jennifer Aniston.
She could tick or treat over the phone.
A little kryptonite would not fix anything.
I believe she will leave him.
Kellie, Katharine, Chris, and Ace are my favorites.
The mask. I saw it over 100 times. I still laugh a lot.
It is very close camping quarters. People stealing things. Like ten kids died from OD's.
It is zero. However, free airfare,hotel, and meal/daytime costs are paid.
I believe Kazza or Limewire.
Someone in between is the best of both worlds.
All are good movies. You cannot rate them.
You burn them as audio CD's. That makes them. Some players still do not play CDR's.
I do not agree with you.
He said, "If you are going to play the game, boy, you must learn to play it correctly."
If you have to ask, the answer is no.
They want you to buy 40 of each. Four packages of hotdogs and eight packages of buns.
Not everyone hates him, but I do not really like him that much.
Also, she is very rude.
It goes. Chris Brown, Bow Wow, and Omarion.
My opinion would be to make one yourself.
I do not really want answers with. Oh that is sweet. Just follow your dreams.
I am looking for Aladdin's cartoon television series on DVD. Where can I get it?
If one brick is 1.5 pounds and you have one.5 bricks, then the answer would be 2.25 pounds.
That depends on what types of sites you enjoy.
These animation studios are very fond of children.
He takes it for granted that people need proper humor.
I enjoy hip-hop, rap, and pop music. My favorite music is R&B.
Yes, because he is Chinese.
I do and I am way over 17.
He has a great voice and is easy on the eye.
Who could come up with so many V words?
My sister looks like Karishma Kapoor, a very famous hindi movie star.
The comic strips were and always will be great.
That is one way to keep it out of your system. Do not be stupid and use it.
What ever makes you feel good.
A minute or so later, I c.
The egg is frowning and appears a bit angry.
He cannot even wipe his own butt, but he can speak intelligently.
Alan Moore is complaining that it is not.
I love the guitar player and their ability to play solos.
Did you pay money to see that?
You better love them. They are hotter than any of you boys out there.
I was able to obtain pornography even with Norton AntiVirus.
If she is not interested, it is her loss.
You do not understand it because you are blonde.
What is the reason for that?
Look to see if the baby is drooling from both sides of his mouth.
Why limit yourself to one thing?
In between, you want a man who knows what he wants but is good to you.
I was just talking about Faith No More.
"Diary of a Mad Black Women" is funny.
I have it. It is a tune.
It sure helps to have a hottie staring in it.
I would get about three or four logs.
Lynn, because she is the funniest.
No online ringtones are ever free.
SAW was ten times better than SAW2.
Your mother is so stupid that she thought a lawsuit was something you wear to court.
I had milli Vanilli and a compilation of air supply songs.
What about romance, aka Chik Flik?
He asks again, a little irritated. The girl says, "Nope."
Of course she is dumb. Her husband does not even love her. She is too weak.
How good of a president do you think he would be?
I am concerned when you approach me.
What kind of animation do you do?
I dislike RBD as well. They are old men and housewives dressed like high school kids.
Maya's husband is DARNELL. He is so cute.
Are you referring to all actors who have ever played Superman?
If you make one like that, it will make you happy. It will make your pet bird flappy.
Simple plan. You better like them.
I really enjoy that song " True Love ways."
I am glad that Gideon is gone. He was annoying.
Yes, it turned me into a human hose pipe.
Tupac would not go for that.
I hope it does not eat your brain from the inside out.
I believe he would be much more liked if he wasn't so vocal about politics.
You should try Limewire.com. It is free. You have to download it.
Of course, animal crackers are made to be delicious and cute.
It is one of my all time favorites.
yle brunsen wrote an excellent book. If you have not read it yet.
I do not choose them in the first place.
I just watched that movie "M.C."
I do not know. I did not see it.
It depends on what kind of music you like. If you are into rap, check out the letter to my unborn.
That is the most unintelligent thing I have ever heard.
I know what they are called.
I would like my Cd to play in my car's CD player and in my walkman.
Your mother is so stupid that she sold her car for gasoline money.
I do. I am a girl. Only lesbian pornos turn me on.
Do not worry, I have your back.
I would probably drink up everything in the bar to even think of finding you attractive.
I have not heard of it yet, but every one else has.
That is a strange question. I do not like them both, but Salvador Dali is more talented.
Yes, and how did you obtain the beans above the frank?
I suppose they cannot eat gummi bears either.
People should not be afraid of their government.
They just want to express what they like and make a banging tune.
I would not want a funeral party thrown for me. Thanks anyway.
There was a brunette team and a blonde team.
I am not trying to be mean, I am just letting you know.
She is as trampy as the others.
Cheech and Chong's "Up In Smoke."
I have too many. However, Maroon 5 and Life House are my favorites.
I love his music. It is sad that people accuse him of molesting children.
You love their song. It is their most popular.
It is very sad because I grew up with one.
Once again, if you would like to see a hot guy, you should look up Ville Valo or Bam Margera.
I have worked on yachts for thirty years. I have met many celebrities.
My favorite would be Milli Vanilli and Vanilla Ice and Snow.
He said, "If you are going to play the game, boy, you must learn to play it correctly."
There are many men dreaming of dating her.
rabbit feet only work on people, not the rabbit they came from.
techno is very effective. It grabs your spinal chord and makes it dance.
This is very funny. It has perverted humor.
It is a female show.
I used to work in the government.
One man asked me, "So, where's the fox from Mystic Pizza?"
If she has a cane, then you can run and do not worry about her catch you.
I still am. Aaliyah was a good singer. I miss them both.
Your mother is so stupid that she thought Chubby Checkers was a game for fat people.
Yes, we are trying to be happy.
Bit by bit, you win my love.
I have never heard of it.
I enjoy STEELERS WHEELS.
I would have to say "White Chicks" and " Dumb and Dumber."
That would be a good cartoon for Gary Larson. Two pigs laying in bed watching Deliverance.
Jerry Springer. David Letterman is very rude.
I am certain Paris or Mandisa will win.
Thank you. I am bisexual, so that is why I asked.
The Rock is a great band.
You met them on the way, but that does not mean that they went with you.
Yes, sometimes I need a lot of help.
It must be mp3 and be able to play on I tunes.
The perfect man knows who I am and approve.
So far, I have not heard that she has returned to Ark.
He was traveling all over the world. He became a aduld with lots of postcards.
What is the reason for these men dissing my girl?
Those are Rubber Soul, Revolver, and Sgt.
That was a difficult decision.
I love a Harry Potter.
I do not know, but I believe they would be just as pathetic as the Rolling Stones are now.
How do you mean, let you get to you?
My children and I enjoy that show.
He made me dinner.
Yes, I listen to them every morning.
The jeeney said they had three wishes, one for each of them.
Have you ever listened to "Mad Season?" If not, then you really should.
Yes, sometimes, but it is fun to read. Always remember the important things and forget the negatives.
Girls feel that they have to be celebrities or no one will like them. That is not true.
He is the "gooofball" in all of us.
I do not have an outgoing life.
I quit in my late twenties.
Do not even get me started listing them.
Manchurian Canidate and Mean Girls. Mona Lisa Smile.
He picked Sarah, but rumour has it that they have already broke up.
You should tell him that you want to marry him.
My favorite show is "GIRLFRIENDS."
His girlfriend is a singer.
Best Buy has many hard to find movies and series.
Do we really want them to get together?
You could also try Wedding Crashers or The 40-year-old Virgin.
You should shut up and drive by Chely Wight.
There was a female brunette, a blonde, and a redhead walking down a street.
She saw a blonde on the other side.
I hope that answers your questions.
He is a gentleman with me and a thug when needed.
I love them as well. They are very cute.
Now think about how many people he is hurting by keeping all his money for himself.
I would pick yellow card. Simple plan. bowling for soup. Red hot chilli peppers.
I believe that celebrities are a terrible influence.
There is a humorous joke for Rap.
Tom Cruise is in it. That is the definition of a movie that looks like crap.
I do not know, but they will look good together.
She has a lot more movies. Katie has what?
She used to be a role model for little girls.
I really want to know the answer.
I do not look back another song by Gary.
Who are you looking for? Is it me?
I tried to pull those things.
I did not realize that you were a cop as well.
Is it 2d or 3d?
I am a pure veggie and I love them.
iano is a good song.
I believe he would be better than bush.
You should try purevolume.com. There are free mp3 downloads there.
A man that went to my husband's school is ready.
I missed it last night, but I would like Kevin to go.
I just purchased a mp120 and am looking for free or pay sites to download music from.
Is this Zombie your boyfriend?
All those Scientology rituals, rueles, or whatever they are are just strange.
Paris is Queen Bimbo. Jessica is just one of her many minions.
The mosquito stops sucking after you slap it.
Name your favorite movie actress or actor.
You should try horseback riding. I hear that is very risky. I heard Christopher Reeve actually died from it.
I do not like them. They sound really awkward to me.
Note to Hollywood: Stop using CLASSICS.
Perhaps you mean the 1960's "The Apartment."
I do not know. Perhaps you will find it on her website.
The brick will not follow you around after you lay it.
I tried to do a gun the other day. It was not mine.
I believe sometimes they are, but do not center your entire life around them.
I believe if you are famous, you will not have time to sit here and answer questions.
One of them is Aishwarya Rai.
They had a lot of good stuff in the 1990s.
I just wanted to tell you that I love Superman.
I tape things on tape. However, I watch television.
Yes, I watched it. I loved it.
I love Green Day. I am a big fan.
That is not funny. I do not think she will appreciate it.
They are a good band. I like them a little.
Guns n Roses. Why did Axel's ego have to destroy our generation's rolling stones?
Tyra is much more attractive.
It is good to have a man who treats you nicely, but at the same time acts gangster.
One of my best friends is a Cap.
Three if you are members but two zs in zztop.
Many of my friends think about them as well.
Do you know any good places to become a movie star in New England?
I like a man who may be a bit of a bad boy.
Your mother is so fat that when she gets thrown in the air, she gets stuck.
I believe it was Edwin Starr.
It is pretty big if you are chewing bubblicious.
All I need is money and love.
It is talking about how he will not betray or leave her.
8 mile is the real deal.
The song "Angel Baby" is remixed by Mr. Kapony. It reminds me of my old angel baby.
You people here who say you love American Idiot are not very good.
Let me guess, you are a republican.
Does anyone know the url?
That way, you get to do the dumping first.
Anyone could have said that.
I am the first, but I do not need to submit. After me, I guarentee at least ten more.
raveena Tandon is known to throw a mean punch, so watch out.
How about "The Cowboys" when John Wayne kicks out Bruce Dern?
It takes a little while to get used to it.
You should use a tissue. Throw it away.
He sounds very nice.
They know that they are not getting a good seat.
I ate the chicken and then I ate his leg. That is from a Beastie Boys song.
Otherwise, ACDC was very good. Bon Scott is the coolest singer of all time.
It is okay, but it is not relatable at all.
Just imagine what this person can do. He or she can get away with it.
speedy Gonzales was very annoying. Tom and Jerry were too innocent.
"Slither" or "Staying Alive" are good movies.
I went to St Ives. The man and his "problems" were going the other way.
If it is like most, they should contact their advertising agency.
When he cleaned the ashtray in the den and then hollered did it for you.
This question reminds me of that song.
That is very attractive. I also love Tinkerbell.
George Clooney is very attractive.
It is time to move on.
The only way is to use a sharing program like Limewire.
I love it. I also love Verionca mars.
Please do not tell anyone. I told you.
Thank you again from Buffalo, N.Y.
That is your age. That one is old.
Rie-rie definitely deserves the points on this one. Good work!
You know that the Beta team from YA are all wanting to answer these questions.
I do not think. It is more just throwing a reasonable name out there instead of my honest opinion.
The Banjo playing would not.
lin took the words right out of my keyboard.
Yes, I tried that one in another costume. Not Mickey. I just smiles when someone takes a picture of me.
I love both of them. They are in heaven smiling down.
The men are McCartney and Lindsay Lohan.
Chris Ace or Taylor for the guys, and Mandisa Katherine Lisa for the girls.
My family is not like that.
Is it him or his music?
If there is a fist fight between the two, then the rock would win.
It is not as awkward as some whiny brat crying about his father and skateboard.
I saw something on television that said he did. Is it true?
jumped on the bandwagon and made the term so vague that it barely means anything anymore.
I love abercrombie and my iPod.
Paris Hilton is a disgusting, disgusting, and sexually promiscuous whore with neither brains nor talent.
Perhaps you can use these for next year.
How much does it weigh? That is what you were getting at, correct?
Are you a fan of them?
Red hot chilli peppers,simple plan,bowling for soup, yellow card or fall out boy.
I am fairly certain that it was a kiss.
You can choose Friday, Next Friday, Friday After Next, or White Chicks.
The blonde speeder digs in her purse and cannot find it. Then asks, "What does my license look like?"
That is my and my boyfriend's song.
What do you mean by bad?
Snoopy Come Home was the best.
No, I do not know. Maybe they are jealous.
I did not watch his movies because I didn't think he was attractive.
I have loved Green Day since Dookie. I still love them.
My brother looks similar to Kathy Bates.
He may be strange, but he is not bad.
Your mother is so stupid that she stole free bread.
You should get a webcam, record yourself, and youtube it.
Chris's number looked like the encore at a Genesis concert.
I will choose the cow.
The drunk gets angry and says, "Go screw your sister."
We also spell color as "colour." It is not c O lin Powell. It is C o lin.
I love Lonely Nation and Golden.
I believe it has to be the end of the third film.
I used to love him. Now I do not.
You should roll them into a nice tight ball and then flick them.
I cannot touch this. It is in Charlies Angels full throttle. I am not sure who sings it. Please help.
All he could hear was, " BREATH IN, BREATH OUT, BREath IN."
He just needs to be with me and my friends.
He needs to keep his hands where they belong.
I have no idea, but dubbing is not very good.
8 mile is good, but it is old.
You should already know that Beyonce will always be better looking.
You should try researching it on Google or try Best Buy and blockbuster.
It is either Full House or Fresh Prince of Bell-Air.
Does anyone have a web sight for a casting call?
It depends on where you are getting your horscope from.
My favorite band is Sublime.
I love the song "StUPID Girls."
He takes off and never returns home.
I do not know. The man who made up the names had A.D.
Your mother is so stupid that she tried to mail a letter with food stamp.
I enjoy Classic Rock. I will listen to any music. Rap never got into it.
Count me in. I do not remember the names.
Only a man would do this.
You are yelling, not singing.
It depends on what you think a miracle is.
It is Paris Hilton, but I do not care for either one.
It was not on because of the game. The new episode comes on March 27. I think. I can't wait!
Your mother is so stupid that she thought a quarterback was an income tax refund.
Your mother is so stupid that she got hit by a cup and told the police that she was mugged.
I am very glad, Stacie.
On a picnic, we will go.
My bum is already burnt. Wow, you are smell great!
What is your favorite movie?
I enjoyed Bewitched, elf, and all of his other movies.
Wait, are you gay orthin?
He is hanging. Is that really water at his feet?
He probably said something like, "We are not real."
Jessica Simpson is an idiot.
Because Kevin and Katharine are getting serious.
It is probably natasha Bingingfield or James Blunt. They actually both suck.
MJ will not have another hit album.
I enjoy watching them with my boyfriend.
It is very nifty. I might try that myself.
The Nightmare on Elm Street series used to be scary. I like horror.
You do not pay for Limewire. It is free.
My favorite band is Dream theater. My favorite song is Always changing.
I am almost positive it was him.
They are not. It is just a form of entertainment. A silly sort of competition.
I love her. She is amazing.
The parents stop and his mother quicksand.
I have a VHS. I never use it. So DVDs is in and will be for a long time.
There is too much sexual content and cursing in rap music.
He became so scared that he jumped and had a heart attack.
He said that he was an evil man.
I like that she is fun, but they make her a little HO-ISH.
A southern gentleman for a southern belle.
Zap was the main killer's accomplice.
The site used to say something about the sequel, but I am not sure when it will be released.
I do not want an opinion. I need the source from where you got it.
Just me and the stars. He would be my sex slave going where. I cannot finish it because it is too cliche.
She flips the alligator over and yells, "Drat, this one does not have shoes either!"
When you both sit there doing nothing but watching television or something.
Who makes fun of an orphan?
John enjoys collecting manga from Japan.
The next season will air.
I am still attempting to pick myself up from the floor.
You should act like you have done it before.
That means all of them have green dots.
Who do you think is better?
Yes, I feel that I am attractive.
I do not have a favorite band, but my favorite singer is Mariah Carey.
She is just a tomboy and a good athlete. That does not make her gay.
I am a big Superman fan. I bet you can tell by now.
I do not know if everyone does, but I sure do!
My friends talk about me. I still blast his music through my apartment.
Why do you only have one.5 bricks?
I believe they made the point.
He took a nice catholic girl and turned her into a scientology freak. Katie Holmes is extremely naive.
DVD's have taken over the world.
I do not like any artist over another.
There is no such thing.
I think that Gretchen wilson is attractive.
Randy is a bit weird at times. Paula seems wimpy. Simon seems too cruel at times!
It did not make any sense to me.
Illutions always believe you. Do not believe them.
I have never been Kissed. Well, not really, but it is what I am watching right now.
Yes, sometimes I like to listen to it.
It is obviously hypothetical, but I am also wondering about other opinions.
That is similar to "Broke Back Mountain" by John Wanye.
I have the cassette tape, but I would like to get that album on CD.
I am sure you will both enjoy it.
To stop the zombies from wandering around town.
No, but I know a man.
Your boss likes you. Maybe a little too much caution.
It is all about fear.
You should email me. Maybe we can be friends.
What did the beaver say?
I thought it was him as well, but I cannot say for sure.
For each hand to be up, you would have to have a green dot.
Not me. I used to be in orchestra.
I wipe them on the floor or bed.
Put her in a circular room. Tell her to sit in the corner.
You should work on your self image. It sounds like that is not very good right now.
He wanted to eat the mouse.
No, I find this man to be disgusting.
I do. I am not conceited, but I am pretty.
Of course you should keep the baby. It is your fault you wanted to play, but now you must pay.
If Floyd could do it, I am sure the Beatles could.
Sleepy Grumpy Doc Sneezy Happy Dopey Bashful!
You should tell them the phone bill and rent are due.
They have turned into long jokes. What has seven arms and sucks?
One muffin looks to the other and says, "Gee, it's getting kinda hot in here!"
I would not kick either of them out of bed.
He should not let her go.
What is your phto? Do not dress that way. People may think you are gay.
I have the newest one. I get movies, music, pictures, and documents.
You should purchase the soundtrack.
Also, she needs to get a job.
If there is anyone out there that completely enjoys the movie, please let me know.
"All She Does Is Magic" by The Police.
Pilot Inspektor, Rainbow, and those are celeb kids names. There are other names, but I forgot them.
What did we do to these men that made them so violent?
Even The Cure has love songs. Most of their stuff is pretty dark.
My favorite genre of music is R&B.
It makes me very happy. I love Jim Carrey.
He does not need to change one thing.
Your mother is so stupid that her shoes say TGIF. toes go in front.
I wish I could meet my favorite bands. I love rap music.
The lame toronto zoo answer is " Woodchucks can't chuck wood."
On the way to the end, the chicken goes.
I have not lost an item yet.
I liked Rudy when she was little and Theo when he was in high school.
It may be an interesting show, but I never got into it at all.
No one will forget TLC. They made the anthem for "I Don't Want No Scrub."
I like JOAN because she is the most similar to me.
He gave us a song to keep dreaming with. Many of us do.
It depends on how much or what kind of gum you chew.
Yes, I am ripening off that line, but true is true.
I do not believe she ever had it.
You really do not want to meet women in the bars. Have fun this weekend.
You are not. You just lack self-confidence.
You should try to download 360 share on your computer.
It depends on who this elder is and why they are beating me with the cane.
The Chinese get the Rizza, the Jizza, and the Ghost Face Killer.
Other than that, I cannot think of anyone else.
Are you talking about RPM?
Your mother is so stupid that she was stabbed in a shoot-out.
Texas Chainsaw Massacre is the new version.
If you have cash, buy a Taylor or Martin.
You would not understand. At least I still have my Peggy Sue.
I enjoy watching it.
How come no one mentioned EVIL DEAD?
Jesus Christ looks similar to me.
Are you referring to people in uniform?
It must be the chicken.
I would pretend to fight them, then fall and play dead.
I would say "Shakespeare in Love" and "Romeo and Juliet."
Paris Hilton is not far behind.
He has a lil slang.
Well, that is much for guessing yours.
Your mother is so ugly that the police gave her a ticket for indecent exposure.
You must be too young. Otherwise you would definitely know.
It looks interesting to me. What is it about?
I do not know. I really do not care.
They are not bimboes. Jessica is a declared genius.
They always had pizza around as well.
All of my vote is going to Taylor Hicks.
What were you and your father doing?
Hello, I believe you meant psychic.
I love SMALLville. Of course I want to see who else loves SMALLVILLE.
Some songs are "1,2, Step" by Ciara.
Two points were lost on that one.
Her Iq is 145. Paris is not unintelligent.
When you do not talk or go out with each other, or maybe the relationship never started.
You will not be disappointed if you watch this one.
I am aware of who Bam is.
I love the sound of the two together.
You know the song "The Dance" from Blink 182.
I believe it is forever or something similar.
Call information and they will give it to you in a snap.
Just because I am a girl, I prefer ADAM SANDLER and ROB Thomas.
I cannot sleep. I need to know.
I suppose that means that Simon likes blondes.
Who will fear beautiful women?
For me, it is definitely Jessica Alba and Angelina Jolie.
I loved all the characters. Bill Cosby was very funny without being crude.
I do not know who Ville is.
I do not think he loves her.
I am not a big fan of either.
celebrities are why there are so many anorexic girls now.
How would you feel if someone threw you a funeral party at the age of 60 or 70?
I am considering it right now.
Angelina Jolie is much more attractive.
Why do you not urge the television management?
Your mother is so stupid that she went to Disney, saw the sign, left, and returned home.
What were you and your father doing?
I totally love them. They are so great. Who else out there are dawgs that love Blink 182?
I just saw it last week.
It is very funny. That is why I love it.
I suppose it was just their time.
If that is the case, you can wait a little longer.
In an interview, the boss asked, "What is your wife's name?"
I do not want to brag or anything, but I enjoy rock music.
I believe it was St. Louis.
I choose Angelina Jolie. Even though it is awful that she stole Brad from Jennifer.
Naomi Watts dress was very odd and looked a little too big for her.
Rap and rock are very appealing.
I would love to see either of them win.
My father and I have purchased about 1000 items.
Tom Welling looks very similar to the vocalist of The All-AMerican Rejects.
I do not think so. I do do not hate him.
I do not need to be homosexual.
What kind of person throws a funeral party?
Thank you for letting me vent about this crappy crappy band.
I definitely would choose My Chemical Romance.
I do not trust anyone who cannot find at least one Sublime song that they enjoy.
You should tell him that you believe you may be pregnant.
duran duran, Madonna, one woman band, Alabama, exile, and how could I forget Air Supply?
I do not believe your mother is unintelligent.
You will have to take guitar classes.
I will not let you get to me either.
The blonde in the boat says, "This is, like, a sea of wheat."
You should not let it get to you.
He is a businessman. He spends money on whatever he wants.
Hoopz does not want Flav at all.
You should stop being POSers and get a life.
They both are stupid. Paris is a dumbass. Jessica is a talent sl*t. Jessica is jsut brain dead.
The last song I liked was American Pie. Sorry, I think her time is almost up.
I do not believe Britney Spears is unintelligent, although some of the things she may do are unintelligent.
It is one of the best songs out there.
You should consider the possibility.
I enjoy Ne-Yo's song "So Sick."
He has to be a gentelmen because he has to have a good job that pays good money.
She is the greatest talk show host.
I do not watch American Idol.
It is because she is younger and can dance better.
Especially when the chicken chases the man in the end.
I do not consider that a song.
He is very attractive.
Aerosmith, Def Leopard, and AC/DC. Sorry, I have four. Boston too!
If you ask me, I am a little too excited.
I have Liked Jennifer Love Hewitt. She is awesome. Her birthday is a day after mine.
Why do they try to sound British?
Not everyone hates him. That is why some hate him.
I do not think there is any chord like that.
Put icyhot or Bengay I in his underware or on his deoderant.
Your mother is so stupid that she thought she needed a token to get on Soul Train.
Are you referring to 50 Cent's "Get Rich or Die Tryin" or Eminem's "8 Mile?"
The Pocket Taser Stun Gun is a great gift for the wife.
It would be cool if they did a special episode or something. I love that show.
What are you doing back there? Let's go!
Zack Efron is the hottest man alive.
The burger King is very creepy.
Not me, but I know many people who do.
You can pots your information for free.
I cannot wait to see the new movie.
If you do not like them, please answer.
I enjoy Lucius Malfoy.
Tonto looks at Lone Ranger and says, " Doctor say you are going to die!"
It is $10 per ticket to see movies multiple times a week.
I do not know, but I have another one. Your mother is so fat that she had to get baptized at Seaworld.
Perhaps Rachel Fuller's song " Into My Heart?"
Then I changed to Nsnyc. Now I'm onto Stephen speaks.
They are obviously unintelligent, not just confused.
Moriaty, but who did the Peruvian play?
Well, it is not really a book. It is rather a long comic.
I will be different and say vagina.
I need the name of the movie.
The answer is no. They are one of the best bands out there.
We call it a "Moo Moo." She calls it " lingere."
How do you know if a blonde has used the computer?
I would not believe that anyone could care.
Sometimes I do not come home until late.
Boulevard of Broken Dreams and their new song "Wake Me UP When September Ends."
She used to sing with people.
Rock. We have heard more great rock stars, but not a great rap singer.
My little brother would ask that question.
Jason Momoa from Baywatch Hawaii and North Shore.
I loved all of the CB movies and specials.
Yes, there is a reset button.
They make you think of who you are with and love them more than you already did.
I would prefer a man with a gentleman side.
California Girls by David Lee froamerly with Van Halen.
One of the best and original movies I have ever seen.
With a great deal of therapy, I may even walk again. Man driving down road.
What happened to you?
I read this article about her being one of the highest paid actresses in the world.
I do not think that is the best show.
Your mother is so stupid that she thought the internet was something you could catch fish with.
The man is like a fine wine. He gets better with age.
I am a long time Def Leppard fan. I would have to pick any and all from them.
I must have seen it in 1986 or something. I can barely remember all the details. Can someone help?
I believe that would be M.C.
That is the perfect answer.
That is a good question. Simon kinda stumped me with that one as well.
I have not missed a single episode.
Do I have to spell it out for you?
You are very successful.
Reel big fish and Chronic future are a couple. They are great. Plus the classics like ac/dc, etc.
You should talk to people who work for Disney.
I am not very fond of Billie.
Your mother is so stupid, she took a spoon to the superbowl.
Your mother is so stupid that she sold the car for gas money.
There are not any words that rhyme with orange.
It is an awesome band with great vocals and lyrics.
Yes, try Aries. That is the one I was using.
If you will put where you live, I can give you a better one.
I really liked that movie. Was Brad Pitt not attractive in that movie?
However, I do not watch him that much.
Is there anyone famous on here?
You should go to limewire.com and down load it.
I like bald men and his accent.
This does happen, such as in Batman when he was recoving and the blond man took over for a while.
He has the heart of a gentleman.
The brunette team leader says to the blonde team leader, "What are you guys doing?"
You could cheat. That is the second easiest way to win.
Taylor Hicks. Why? Because he is infectious with great talant. Taylor Hicks all the way.
Can anyone help me with this?
I love it because I love the show.
It reminds me of an old Beatles song.
I believe Purple and Music are two.
He is crawling around with no feets.
The movie is double teamed.
I am with a man who does not take crap from anyone.
Why is he in jail?
Yes, he stood on a block of ice.
The Joker first appeared in comics in 1940 in Batman #1.
I believe it is sung in french.
I cannot wait to ask my husband.
The other thing you look for is if he has a very good feed back.
I like rap and rap music. I also like Linkin Park.
The man says, "Oh, I do not know."
You must listen to the song.
A girl owns a chicken. She goes to the rollercoaster with it.
I do not know what you are talking about.
She is not a very good singer.
Maya is the best. She is sarcastic and down to earth.
I just told you what it was.
There is one ZZ in ZZ Top.
Any movie that Chuck Norris is in is a horror movie.
I hope not, because that is very scary.
Why post an old joke like that?
They did not do anything with it. Perhaps it is a future storyline.
InDEPence Day is a little more sci fi, but can be considered a disaster movie?
No one ever had to worry about the chicken.
He thought it was hysterical when he gave him a cane with a bicycle horn attached.
I believe more people listen to rap now.
A little lovin', a box-o-wine, and that man-o!
I had that dream when I was ten years old. I still remember it.
You are fool. You already have a Star Wars name.
She is attractive and has good music. I have all of her and her daughter's children's CDs.
The song is " Cry, Cry Baby" by Janis Joplin.
What is going to happen after 4000 years?
I am looking for female IMPERSONator clOTHES.
You should check out this website. They list many TV sitcoms on DVD.
Your mother is so stupid that she put a phone up her ass and thought she was making a booty call.
I like two songs, but the rest sounds like poo.
He is just too cute. Plus, he is old. I have always liked old bald men.
It was not the most hilarious, but it was great.
How many girls played drums then?
Chris is going all the way.
I enjoy his music as well.
You should tell him that you think you are pregnet, but the child is not his.
Christmas vacation is very funny.
It is similar to the new HBO show "Big Love."
Flav is much older than her.
Yes, I was good, but now I am evil.
Have you ever seen " Father of the Bride" with Steve Martin?
It was sung by a girl. I need you more and more.
There are some good songs. No white songs like Metallica.
It had to be the female.
I turned my ears away.
Beasty Boys. Seriously.bone thugs and harmony.
It is not that they are embarrassing as much as they suck.
If Geeta is Ram, then who is Ram?
I believe that ghost Rider is from hell. I believe he has a bit of evil in him.
The blonde on the highway says, "It is blondes like you that make blondes such as me look so stupid."
You have 1 and 1/2 bricks. 1.5 = 2.25.
I swear I saw the man who tried to frame Tony last night on NCIS.
How do you get a Catholic girl pregnant?
How many songs, artists, and albums are there?
I can pick up things with my toes. It really grosses out my husband.
It is definitely not the same anymore.
I suppose you are not the only one.
I am just asking because people act like they do not care about them anymore.
The year 1961 looks the same if you flip it upside down.
I would like to know what people think because I certainly feel that way.
You decide, but I would say yes.
What kind of question is that?
Can you not see him in that green-striped rugby shirt?
A few weeks later, they receive a postcard from him.
No, but my wife enjoys it.
If it is an old car, then roll down the window. If not, unlock the door.
7th Heaven has younger children and problems.
She has become very pathetic. She is just there.
I still drum on my steering wheel.
Peter Gabriel was in genesis.
You should contact me.
It just happens naturally. That has happened to me before.
Two muffins are bake in an oven.
It has drool all over it.
I would like to know how you can stop burglers from breaking into your house.
How many hits has she had?
I would have to say, "WIll farrell."
I think he is very attractive.
I enjoy the music of Motley Crue, Poison, Cinderella, Faster Pussycat, and Slaughter.
My favorite classic is "The golden girls." Is that considered classic?
Yes, they knew with out a doubt that you are a retarded moron with a serious LSD problem.
Everyone gets a chance to ride her.
At 60, it is funny. At 80, not so much.
He is very easy to dislike.
I knew you would ask that.
ABBA was the best band in those days. Even now, I do not think so.
I need help on this reaserch project.
I know how to read tabs.
I am glad that I have this to do.
No, not if she is alive, or any of her family.
Yes, rudy. I believe that is her name. She is a good student.
I love it because I am not married. It gives me something to do.
I think she is adorable. In that trashy way, I'm going to steal your man.
I did not know they all existed.
I do not know, but I would like that to be off the end of the movie. Try searching online.
He used to be a hard rocker.
She is only famous for her family's money.
I like Kirstie Alley. She is good, cool, and does not give a s*t about all that.
Your name is really good acting. If she takes this seriously, I think she can go far.
Is there a tool for Mixing songs?
It would be very wrong.
She dies in episode 310 "Losing the Light." It is very sad.
That was not a nice thing to do.
This riddle is old news.
Aerosmith, AC/DC, Van Halen, and Metallica have all done great stuff as well.
I do not care about the question, but you are very attractive.
He is amazing. I mean, it took my breath away.
He is very attractive. I do not know why Hermione will not stay with him.
He simply gave his opponent a "Don't mess with me look" and went at it.
Any movie with Jim Carrey in it.
I suppose it is better if you could sing that song in front of her.
I throw chili cheese dogs at my grandma all the time.
I tried to like him, but I just cannot.
Yes, I enjoy their songs very much.
There is a chicken, a hyena, and a jackal.
The third one was good, but I felt it was too long.
I would use the baseball beat to break the window.
Queen Amadala and Anakin.
Capricorn has the kind of drive that scorpio respects.
I enjoy their music, but there are too many tattoos for me.
Does gay still mean happy?
A tomboy does not make a lesbian.
Monk, The Dukes of Hazzard, Miami Vice, and The Simpsons.
I enjoy almost all rock music.
I caught fire in your eyes.
I am aware of ways in which they could have made it much worse.
You should turn it on and off.
The LP stands 4 LINKIN PARK as well.
What is the situation now?
Do not whine about being broken up with someone.
Rock music is not good and has no rhythm.
Can you simply rhyme the words with themselves?
The parents stop and his mother quicksand.
Your mother is so stupid that it takes her two hours to watch 60 minutes.
I have known people to pee in their pants.
My aunt recently sent me a CD with an amazing tenor named Josh Groban.
You should try it again.
They are all over the place.
Ice blue. You can see it's breath. It will have icicles on it's nose.
They are very attractive.
I would take magic over glow any day.
Thank you for your assistance.
No, I believe they are unintelligent.
Good luck trying to hack my lock.
Do you think three people in a band is a good amount?
Are you referring to fish?
Now you can get some sleep.
The final destination was good, but the movie I saw is still at the top of my list.
He is very funny and he seems very sweet.
You will have an experience to back it up.
I love Tyra, but I have to go with Angelina Jolie.
The Schindler's List is the best movie I have ever seen.
The boy says, "You are wasting your time."
He will not say anything to the female parrot.
"I just called to say I Love You" is great.
You should ask her out and treat her like a lady. Tell her that she is the one you are dreaming of.
I would not throw my chili cheese dog at her. She is not going to beat me.
Because of her, I am writing music with a happy tone.
I would not know for sure because I have only seen Tyra Banks show.
Orlando Bloom or Chad M Murray are both very attractive.
I believe they are somewhat true. I believe in ruling planets.
If I download any In Flames song, the RIAA cannot sue me, correct?
I would like to listen to some good music, but I do not know what to do.
I do not know. Good luck looking for a job.
An evil fake. Who should be put in jail for false advertising.
I have never heard of them, but the actual awards are very funny.
You should play and have fun. Perhaps you will be lucky and win.
I have seen the movie as well.
Lord of the Rings: "Rings: Return of the King."
You should say you are pregnant and not from someone else.
Chris and Kelly are very funny.
Yes, I heard that they broke up as well.
Yes, he is very attractive and so is his music.
The first time I saw your face.
Who sings the song "I don't like the looks of it?"
I personally do not believe in them.
Your mother is so stupid that she called Dan Quayle for a spell check.
I am not a little scary. I can do all the things that they do.
What do you mean?
No, he said that he liked her. That is what he rumor was.
A genetic supercool monster with charm, humor, and good looks.
What is the max speed at which a couple can make love?
I was reading an answer of yours. I am impressed. You are cool.
He looks very creepy.
He is a useless slob. He is taking money over other people's problems.
It depends on the type of gum you are chewing.
Yes, I know. That was lame.
I am the only person in the entire country that does not think Dave Chappelle is funny.
The doc asked, "What have you been up to?"
One of you would have to sing.
Why do you not share where you are from?
Of course. She gives better advice and has done it longer.
I have liked them since I was a child.
I enjoy how Maya makes it real.
You should sell the baby to the movies.
I think it is a bit cheezy to name it, however, I may name it Jet.
Have you ever heard the last song on the Albulm?
Your mother is so ugly that she scares buzzards off of a meat wagon.
I would like to make fullmetal alchemist videos.
Beyonce is unable to sing, dance, or act. Rihanna is unable.
It is a funny question.
erry, Jerry, Jerry. He must have picked up some skills after seeing all those fights up close.
People wonder why he is not married.
There is this song. I have no clue what it is.
I believe most girls actually think "wow carmen electra looks good" and move on.
Paris Hilton, but Jessica is right under her.
I enjoy oldies, old school rap, rap, pop, and anything but hard rock.
I am asking because some have it and some do not. I think it is a little stupid.
I think they are a cute couple. I am happy for them.
Not at all. I really do not think in Spanish either. They rap about stupid stuff.
I am famous for inventing a hanger.
What is your question loser?
I cannot think of the title "Take That First Step."
You can mix in other popular songs as well.
Sounds good to me. How about the rest of you?
I saw II. It was very gorey. I like it and mean girls and shark tale. I have kids.
Anything is possible. All you have to do is dream.
Even if you dislike that type of music, you still love Green Day.
My favorite actress isulia Roberts. My favorite actor is Johnny Depp.
George Clooney would win.
I am not a fan of rock music, but I do not like George Clooney.
I do not really live here.
I met a girl. Her name was Cherry Fudge.
Red Hot Chili Peppers are way out front.
It is very fun to read.
I love old style nintendo, mario bros, and softball.
Well, there is no drink.
No, he did not die. He is just old.
How does your friends not know that show?
Hello, I am Elvis. You may have heard of me.
I did hear the Bjork-Chaney joke.
I do not like Nicole Kidman very much. And I don't care if she came from here.
Your mother is so stupid that she makes Beavis and Butt-head look like Nobel Prize winners.
Can anyone tell me the title of Kill Bill's song "Bang, bang, bang?"
I am Sam and Hollywood Bollywood.
Your mother is so stupid. If brains were dynamite, she would not have enough to blow her nose.
The Goo Goo Dolls and Relient K are great.
I hope you find this one amusing.
I love Limewire. It is great to get the latest music.
taxes, gas, inflation, and my ego.
The key is that you feel asleep.
All three are just one big movie.
Blockbuster or any video store that sells children's movies.
Fall Out Boy is my favorite band.
I do not know who any of them are.
She wanted children and got married. She did it and will not end up regretting it.
One bottle of captain morgan will do the trick. I am heading up north. Meet you at the library.
Be creative and come up with something to challenge us.
It is California time. That is very embarrassing.
U2, Bon Jovi, Coldplay, and Three Doors Down.
What is wrong with this girl?
I do not like it.
Shuichi enjoys reading manga everyday.
Do not call it a Christian band.
It is very easy to pick up.
My favorite song is "The pleasure of my company" by Steve Martin.
Gentlemen, I thank God everyday for the one that I have.
I am only joking. mc hammer was famous back when he had money and fame.
Are you gay? People are so stupid. Did you see Donnie Darko?
I love the guitar and the drums.
Any movie Natalie Portman chooses is very good. She has picked some great roles so far.
The worst I have had is broken items.
I do not like them at all.
It is the best metal band.
I own the Vanilla Ice CD.
You know that they always think that the stupidest things are fun.
If so, who are you and why are you famous?
I love her powers to freeze and blow things up.
I actually made this one up, but I cannot tell if people think it is funny or not.
I believe they both stink. If I had to pick one, it would bealian job.
Girls need to be a little of everything.
I enjoy watching the baby cow suck on the mother cow.
It ended. You can get it on DVD if you want to see Shawn.
That is just my opinion.
I used to enjoy it, but now I find it very disturbing.
That made the movie a bit impressive.
Why are you wasting this question?
It is my favorite television program. It is second to the Simpsons.
Not long, if they were even really together at all.
It is under the Mexican sun withiane lane.
I am in my own little world. Everyone likes me there.
Why do some men think it is funny when they fart?
I hope you got the answer that you were looking for.
When you do not miss that person anymore, your eyes do not light up.
I do not know. I have never tried the stuff.
I do not know, but I hope they do not get married because he does not deserve her.
Was I supposed to choose one?
Let's get together. Yes, yes.
I loved her in the 1980's.
Do they erase it all the time?
My favorite English song is "Kiss from a Rose" by seal.
I like them both. I just want to see what you think.
Yes, I believe I have it.
Anime is an animation version of a manga.
My mother is a taurus and my father is a scorpio. They are still happy together. So I would say yes.
I can email it to you. If that does not work, try Limewire.
If they do not like him, then it is fine.
He wishes he could tap that.
It is probably ACDC or Guns N Roses.
I have been wanting to get back into it. It was sounding pretty darn good.
The song is Dirty Little Secret by The American Rejects.
He did not want to be a bigamist.
The roommate rolled her eyes and said, "Hello!"
It is funny, but really, really stupid.
She has great songs such as " Check Up On It" with Slim Thug.
What are we supposed to do?
Note: I am not looking for an Aladdin movie.
If they ask for cash only and no pay pal, then they are going to scerw you.
He is 40 years old. Too bad he retired.
They probably cannot see anything at first.
I am glad that someone finally asked this question.
I am a scorpio.
I did not know there was going to be an Incredibles 2.
Eminem is a very attractive man.
He is a greasy looking little feller. He always seems to need a shave.
List your best April Fools jokes here.
I am not familiar with drama Queens.
I need to know the name of the movie from the 1980's.
I used to be a fan as well.
It is nothing short of a diamond ring.
I am not sure, but these two points put me at 1001.
I remember the days when you would have called "What They Have a Fat arse" and "What they Have A Booty."
I definitely do not want a thug.
You should check it out on Yahoo movies.
Do you have any ideas on how to do that?
The Shield, The Sopranos, Twin Peaks, The Simpsons, Smallvill, and Nip Tuck.
Yes, I purchased one.
I thought it was funny at first, but then it got old and stupid.
You should read numbers upside down and right side up.
Yes, I believe I am. I have many people say I am to.
What is her name?
The parent trap is one of my favorite movies.
Your mother is so unattractive that Bigfoot takes pictures of her.
It is either a headstone or a coffin.
A genius can get people to buy into his idea. A stupid person cannot.
I do not understand Emo or Screamo.
The relationship is dead on arrival.
I do not know about the children.
I do not know. I have tried to watch it, but I cannot.
The Click Five are very good. Their songs are out of this world.
What is your favorite bit in Gilmore Girls?
I am wondering, how did that man stay in one place during the entire film?
It is because life never works out perfectly.
It is hard to say, but I am thinking either Kevin, Bucky, orissa. Just because she messed up the lyrics.
No, that was not funny. It was made to be hated and remembered.
It is bugging me. I want to hear it.
Of course, miracles can happen.
Whether it is country or classic rock, make sure people know the songs or they will think you are weird.
If that is not "hard" enough, System of a Down rules.
I do not know about the videos, but you can download songs at itunes.com or limeware.com.
I agree with American Idol.
We are not well understood.
I found it and still enjoy it.
Yes, it is one of my favorite shows.
I love Green Day. I love all the songs.
Note: I did not know the Gameboy Micro had a rechargeable battery.
I would have to say Will Farrell.
I will take a closer look at my daughter's pictures.
He is in "She's the Man."
You can try it. It is free. It will at least get you started.
Why not throw a new life party?
I am not homosexual either.
I cannot find anything on that.
He said, "If you are going to play the game, boy, you must learn to play it right."
I am watching it right now.
Chuck Norris was in a horror flick in the 70s or 80s.
I am a fan of vanilla ice.
Red Hot Chili Peppers.
I agree with everyone else.
Brad Pitt, Pippin, and Johnny Depp are definitely the most attractive men in the world.
Since you asked, I believe Rap is better.
I am a handsome, dashing, and cool person whom you cannot get.
I play flute because that is what I can play.
It is okay. It is nothing great, but it is nothing bad.
I want a man and will call him "money."
You are a bad boy because you have every advantage and they are playful.
You must purchase two packs of buns instead of one.
I still enjoy both bands.
She also did a spread in King Magazine.
tyra banks is my favorite. I think she is pretty, but I have heard a rumor that she is pregnant.
I would go out there and kick your butt right now, but I cannot swim.
That is a difficult one.
It goes like this.
If so, what is your opinion on it?
I am crazy about "Boulevard of Broken Dreams."
I do not think it is strange at all.
She took on armed guards at a palace in turkey.
He fired his sister because he cannot keep his mouth shut.
Abbie mitchell played Ciara in the first Broadway production. There have been five revivals.
You are going to St. Patrick's Day.
He is a control freak.
However, journey is completely awesome.
When I think of her, I feel great.
You are correct. I cannot answer it.
I suppose these days people would rather listen to songs with names such as "My Humps."
James and James are both terrible. Rap is gay.
I would like to hear some sick or ill rhymes about anything.
I would have to say Riker and Troi.
They are not. Thank you for your two points.
Hermionie. No, Tonks. No WAIT. It is Snape.
I used to watch it until season 4. It was boring.
You should check this web site out.
"4ever" by the Veronicas. Here we are. What are you going to do?
I used to be a fan as well.
That sounds like my kind of girl.
Are Bruce Willis and Mickey Rourke the same person?
There is one called DOC Watson.
When you find out, please let me know.
I do not understand why anyone enjoys that movie.
It should be free to download and easy to use.
It can also mean Japanese comic books.
I have heard that there is going to be a sequel.
I have always loved his work. He is an excellent actor.
And sure enough, he did exactly what he said.
You should try being nice and talking to her. Do not worry about your signs. They are not always right.
I am adding some new favorites to my collection. Why not try stained's new one right here waiting?
I like the man. He is funny and down to earth.
Your mother is so stupid that under education, she put Hooked on Phonics.
I am confused. Are you looking for some or one?
I would love to be her. I have a lot of money.
My sister is very obsessed with him.
It is 5-7 minutes. No reason I guess. I am doing it pretty fast, am I?
He is rich and can look like that if he wants.
Do not try to impress her. If she likes you, she will come to you.
You can rap and spit, but in rock you cannot make fun of people.
There should be a category for the best questions.
I have not seen it yet, but I cannot wait until it is on DVD.
It was great and made me cry a lot.
"Don't You Cry tonight" by Guns 'n' Roses.
I believe it is impossible to choose just one.
I am very attracted to them.
Your mother is so stupid that she thought Boyz II Men was a day care center.
Bambi is my favorite movie.
Of course Simon always disagree. He is pretty good about his jud jud judgements, but he is harsh.
They are unknown artists.
I do not know. My head hurts.
They broke up. I do not know how long ago.
I enjoy watching my lil man attempt to act out the things he wants.
That was nice how you got him back.
I did not think that he would jump again.
I do not hate him, but he is weird. I am amazed that this got 33 answers in 50 minutes.
For me, that is exactly what I am looking for. If I were looking.
I watch the reruns now.
Yes, I believe Paula was in love with everyone this week. Was she on ecstasy or something?
She was willing to be herself for two entire seasons of "Weds."
The song is fairly new. It sounds very old school.
At the disco, I write sins, not tragedies.
The video killed the radio star by the buggers.
What is the difference between a mosquito and a blonde?
No, I do not think so.
I believe they are over paid and definitely over-celebrated.
This is the best movie in the world.
I believe four people would be better.
Do not worry. You will be back in tune with it in a couple of weeks.
That was me before I had my surgery.
There is a blonde driving down the highway.
I am a poser. I choose "Get rich or die."
You should put parental control on or use web site ratings.
You can tell that she really cared about her crew.
I love this song very much.
You should search the internet or search for bugs.
My favorite bands are The Used and Panic.
Chicken, because God cannot lay eggs.
To those of you asking if the question is gay, I do not care.
It all depends on who messes up.
I would choose either Mario or Diesel.
What did the left nut say to the right nut?
It is not a little racist. It is a lot racist.
It goes something similar to that for the chorus.
It is probably more than that.
Have you ever wondered why men think a lot and women talk a lot?
Your mother is so stupid that after you were born, she kept you.
The chicken because it had to hatch the egg.
Happy Days was the best.
Her name is not Beyonce or Madonna. She needs to stop pretending.
I ask the people who gave the answer for this question, "Where are your jocks?"
You should tell him that you dislike him and you are finding someone diffrent.
A woman in the street and a freak in the bed.
I have never forgiven her for that.
It is a great source. Just download it.
The word you are looking for is strengths.
When I first began listening to music, I loved rap.
I never told my parents before, but mentioned it once and they said nothing and did not care.
Yes, but you are going anyway. Why even ask?
I used to play flute, but once I started sax, I became hooked.
If you like Family Guy, you should love American Dad.
They are able to play their own songs.
We will have a very good time.
Yes, a PSP, but I would not purchase a PSP for a child under 13.
If you would like to live and talk and dream about it, I suggest moving to Japan or China.
I enjoy it. I will keep you my daughter's secret.
I believe it is the blond from American Idol.
If you can answer that, then it is the same for the Egg.
The song was called epic. I cannot remember the artist, but it is a banging tune.
Mar, that commercial is for Dairy Queen. I just thought I'd let you know.
What if it is a rebound relationship for both of you?
Good luck in your search for the one!
Why does everyone seem to want someone that they cannot have and know that they should not want?
Do you like to argue and fight?
If you are set on that, that is the way to go.
My ex of three years was unfaithful.
You should work at it, but do not let him keep you locked up at home.
Other than those two things, just ask him once in a while.
Men get bored and tire way before women do.
She is strong and loving. Most of all, she was not as happy as she thought she was.
It is one way of saying I do not like you.
King had a song about this. Only your mother loves you. You may be jiving as well.
He loves you as well. Time will tell.
He wants me to change my appearance.
I know I have someone to come home to.
I would like to have sex with you, but you must be careful.
You want all of your friends forever?
It does not mean that you are lazy.
You should go to a club and dance.
You should not go anywhere with him or her.
They are a lot of fun. There is plenty to do.
It all depends on when you are ready.
Stay 100 miles away from this man.
Be prepared if it happens again.
I am just looking for the girl who wants that time with me.
At least not until he gets another girlfriend.
The wife says, "We do not wear that."
If you are asking, then you should break up with him and open yourself to other options.
Why do gays want to get married?
You should apologize to him without making a mistake.
Do you have to rush your choice?
They do not respect your feelings.
No, seriously. Think about how many cocky girls are out there.
She is too afraid to ask him out.
Get a grip. How can you love someone that you do not even communicate with?
I would ask you out, but I live in Oregon and have no idea where you live.
They have never performed before and it double the experience.
I will probably go and see one.
I wish you the best of luck, but I am glad that I have brown hair.
Please email me a pick at honorarius@yahoo.com and I will tell you.
It is absolutely a challenge.
I am a girl. I will help you out.
Do not tell them, but let them find out once you are in bed with her.
If I would have kept my last name, it would be a very strange name.
I hardly ever see him in school. Usually I see him at my brothers basketball games.
He is telling that to some women as well. He is a womanizer.
You should remove his butTT. There are plenty of fish in the sea ofORE.
I know because I am just like your wife.
When she calls, you should text her back.
No way. I am 5'4" and he is 6'2.
You do not know the number one rule, " Trust No One."
We have tried breaking up a couple of times, but it never happens.
Some because they are thin and skinny. Also, anorexic girls are a turn on.
If you have a penis, then it is no problem. You just need to penis her pussy with your errect penis.
You should take some defense classes.
I recently ended a three-year relationship with my baby's father.
What happened when the politician took Viagra?
Hello, my name is xxxxxx. I have been working for me for years.
I can say that women are complicated.
We like soft approch and a little bit of chasing.
You would be very surprised by the type of people that visit them.
It is very fun and enjoyable, especially when you meet each other after a few months.
Hey, I am in New York. I will help you out if you are around.
It worked in about three-five days for me.
Do not worry, I am not working very much.
Why does it matter what they think if they do not get along? Do not spend time togather.
If he is, then you have a good man.
If he likes you, you will know.
I suppose it is normal, but I would prefer to move on.
The rest is easy from there.
I enjoy any man who is humorous.
Girl, only you can decide on this.
Why do you ask this question?
You should tell everyone just because you think it is right.
A 10-year gap is nice.
If he still does not like you, then move on.
I see him every week in psr, but I cannot talk to him.
It is because they feel insecure with less educated men.
For one thing, if it does not work out there goes your job.
I hope that it does not ever pass.
Only the ones that are not worth your time.
It is smaller, of course, and it is all about looks.
You two do not have any reason to hate each other.
If you do not, you will always wonder.
Some people choose not to because of their religion.
You should give it a chance. If you break up with them, it would be harder to be friends.
I wish you the best of luck.
Men who were not ready for marriage.
This is a big day in both of your lives. It should not be done quickly and without thought.
I am 55 years old and still live at home with my mother. What is wrong with that?
One man is willing to spend 21 hours/1,400 miles just to be with me.
I must not be attractive enough.
That is okay. I am aIVER. WINK, WINK.
Well, it depends on women.
REMEMBER IT TAKES TWO NOT ONE.
If he really did not like her, then he would have already dumped her for you.
You can hang around until the bar closes or visit a prison.
Please do not miss out on this one.
Believe it or not, women dislike cocky men.
You should stick with what is inside of you.
It happened to me twice.
You may be young. I do not know.
No matter what he says, action speaks louder than words.
There is nothing like a large boned woman.
Even if he is rich, do not sell yourself.
I recently moved to Sacramento. I am a homosexual.
The people who are around you now, like your friends, should like you no matter what.
They like the little titis and pussys.
Wait until you are older, and if you both still feel the same way, then go for it!
Yes, I am not one of those people, but I know there are many of them.
No, not if you have to ask.
You would like to have sex with another man?
They are girls. They are not as confident as we are.
Does this mean that he likes me?
Do not worry about him. Just spend time in school so that you can learn about your boyfriend.
I dated one and I know.
Look at the way she walks.
No, at least I hope not.
Hello. I am looking to visit your country.
Should I give him another chance?
Is this the man you would like to be in a relationship with?
I went and there he was.
That is what I called it. Why?
That way, you can still go by your last name.
You both work hard to get it right.
I have told her that I liked her. She said she would want to ruin or friendship.
You can join a community site with live chat and webcam chat.
Show her your naked baby pictures.
It is very important to last at least 30-45 minutes.
I am not telling you to be celibate until then.
If he is flirting with her, then jump him.
I love curly hair. I like to run my fingers through it.
I would like my wife to grow as well.
That is just the way it is.
One girl, Michelle, who probably would not mind being named, spoke up and said she did not believe in it.
I can simply toss him to the side and forget about him like last night's trash.
However, he was a little busy after that.
I do not know what to do because she knows how much I care about him.
If you do eat something like that, then you should quit.
It could be that you need to pee or the last dream you had.
If he wants to wear my pants, all he has to do is ask.
If you were friends before and have stronger feelings now, then it should be "O>K>
I would like to try again.
You should consider what style of arrangements you would like and flowers.
You should lie, lie, and lie some more.
You should wait until you find out for sure first. Then go from there.
If you two are at a dance, he should not care.
Trust him. Do not bring it up again.
Honestly, most women are simply waiting for the man to tell her how he truly feels.
Yes, I would love to meet the children.
I often ponder this one.
I met this man once. He was very romantic. I met him in a huge rainstorm.
Now some men like girls like that, and some do not.
It comes right after threeplay and before fiveplay.
When I fall in love, I feel stupid.
If you have to ask, then you are not in love.
If you begin to feel the rhythm, then start the four play again.
I do not understand someone. Please give me the answer.
I saved a good $500-600 doing my own flowers. It was no hassle at all.
I just received a divorce and so did he.
Ask a girl about the sympthoms because I am a boy.
Be yourself. That is what girls like. At least most of them, but mostly be yourself.
You should follow your heart. It is not right.
They bother you all day long.
See if he calls, e-mails, or even cares.
You can do a civilian arrest.
A spasm in your back usually.
By now, you may love your wife for everything you have endure.
I wish you the best of luck.
You should say "I love you" and if the wait to say it back, it tells it all.
You should ask her out again and see what she says.
There is no way to make someone fall in love with you.
Ask her questions. Do not just talk.
When you first fall in love, you are goofy, goofy, and silly happy just thinking about that person.
Remember, there is more than one.
I believe they look better than a lot of nations out there.
We got married again.
In all, I do not think it really matters.
I am sure that I am not driving five hours just to hang out, unless I really like her.
How often can you have sex with Pam anderson?
I told her that I loved her and truly meant it.
You should consider what good it brought about.
I am a person who does not like to brake others heart.
Give a rose and express your love.
I enjoy "Thick" because I feel cheated by one.
Remember, "Till Death Do You PART!"
We always find a life partner because we attract with the opposite side.
What are you talking about?
If you continue talking to him for another week, he may think he is married to you.
Women do not want much. Just some acknowldgement and sometimes help.
At least that is what it seems to me.
Do not be afraid to say no.
You should end the relationship. There are always more fish in the sea.
To me, it really does not matter, but a full album is very important for me.
You should choose the one that loves you the most.
You still released at least a thousand.
You go to a bar and get drunk.
Give it some time and think.
You should not leave them. Just teach them what to do to please you better.
Bebie hit the nail on the head.
You should kiss when you are ready.
Julesac is funny, but mean.
If you are asking this, then you have already distanced yourself from her and yet remain a friend.
Do not forget to choose and vote for the best answer.
Do not try to figure it out. That is the way it is.
I do not know. However, I know of another website that I go to.
It depends on how much you are beginning to feel for this boy.
He must be a control freak.
It depends on the girl or how interested the girl is in the man.
You should try to meet people.
Usually it is multiple things, not just one thing.
If you really really really like them.
For the men, the question is, "Do you prefer a bigger woman or a smaller woman?"
If all you do is argue, it is not worth it.
What makes it worse is that I have been in a relationship with him for four years.
You just have to be patient. The right girl will come along.
Unless you do not love your husband anymore and you have room for another man?
wife, because then you can do more with out sin.
She definitely wants you to think she is attractive, but she does not want that to be reason #1.
It depends. Some days I want to have sex, others I do not.
They are more passionate in love making.
If you play with both at the same time, she will probably dislike you.
Because he would not work, hit me, used guilt trips, and was a large mother's boy.
Perhaps because you are the most beautiful girl they have seen.
It really depends if someone is vain or not.
I would like someone who I can be myself with.
Please send me your picture and contact me.
You should stay away from this man.
The doctor cannot believe it.
Yes, especially when she throws up.
If not, then do not worry about it.
I could give you some advice.
If you feel your love is fade, do not just sit there and do nothing.
I will not stay with someone I do not trust.
I only once told a girl that I loved her, and I meant it.
You married him for a reason.
You should rip off your shirt and yell " Tarzan yell."
Yes, girl, do not have sex.
They accept this in their culture.
You should always trail ride with a friend.
You did not give us very good information. Do you all live in one house?
You should move on. What if he is attractive? Looks are not everything.
The most important thing is to be yourself.
Yes, be disappointed and be mad.
I am sorry, I have never felt that way.
I am certain that I will not like any girl who would make my life difficult.
If he gets them first, you get the popcorn.
You should practice. Ask if you are doing well.
If you are certain, then you should tell your parents if you have not done allready.
I met mine at a carnival.
It sounds like a rhetorical question.
I believe everyone should keep their own name.
Your first kiss should feel like you are invan.
There is nothing but trouble there.
How can a woman make a woman happy?
Do not do things that can cause you pain.
You will be making more money if you work hard.
Please do not approach her and tell her how good she looks.
I do not think it is a good idea. You are not there for this purpose.
You should approach her and say, "Hello, are you single?"
I believe he would be a great valentine.
Be prepared to let her go.
You should wait until you are a good one.
You should tell them. What are they going to do? slap you.
Get a massage. Get away from it all.
If you really like this man, smile and talk to him.
You should take them both out at the same time.
It happened to me. I am now dating that person.
There are only two points to make friends.
You may be over looking the type of men who think the world of you.
You should choose someone who does not hate you.
We tried to move on, but it did not work.
When will people realize this?
I would not bother calling him back.
You should not spend time with him and find another man.
You should look for another attractive girl so she will be jealous.
In my opinion, you are not a hoe.
Red is love. Black is death.
If she likes him, then she does not like you. It is not his fault that she strays.
For me, anything after three days may cause me to forget about you.
You should find a girl who has talets. She must be prety.
There is no one you can trust more than a good friend.
Start the day off with breakfast out, then a nice walk.
You should go pick them up if she says yes.
If yes, why do I hear that some girl say flowers are not going to last?
It may be interesting for them.
Could it ever be the same?
It is not that bad. At least it is not Bella.
Could it be because some men are liars and have large mouths?
You could tell her and have one of those fairy tale romances.
It is finally aULTURE that has it right.
My twin will not talk or listen to me.
If you would like to purchase something that you cannot rid of, then go ahead.
I am not thinking about him, but I am having dreams about him.
If you are talking about ten, then I think it would be fine to purchase a video or computer game.
You should take the chance.
If he cannot, then take him to a place where they have slow dances.
I believe this is the most beautiful thing in a family life.
It is your choice not to hate one. I believe they should say the least.
You should never get married without a condom.
Get a life and do not waste mine.
She says you are too good for her?
Men come and go, but friends are forever.
It could mean a lot of things.
Yes, it is normal. There are many people who still like some of the people they broke up with.
I would like to see what a black female has to say about this.
Men are stupid. Who knows why they do what they do.
If they gave you their phone number, you do not have to wait at all.
They were master of the universe.
I am in love and do not care who knows it.
Whatever you do, do not try to have both of them at once.
If you really wanted to be with him, you would not be asking.
Being friends with someone online is acceptable, but there are limits.
When my sister kisses someone, she closes her eyes to get ready.
Now me, I would not marry any women who did not want to change her name. That is just me.
It is a small party for the family.
Girls are perverts. They just hide it and act like it around other girls secretly.
I am only in the fourth grade.
You do what you want.
You should not do that. It will not work.
If they do not, it is time to move on.
He is everything I ever wanted.
It is bad luck to see the bride at the wedding.
No, she is not a liar.
You should be honest if you want to.
He had his nose pierced.
Yes, I can lift him. He is only 185.
You need a therapist for that.
Some perverted men like the young Asian girls.
You should see a shrink.
You should not be acting the way he did before.
Be strong and stay in there.
No, he is too large and I am too weak.
If she is so drunk that she becomes a slob or slut, then yes, it is unattractive.
Exchange letters, e-mails, chat online, talk over the phone, send packages. Just keep in touch.
Especially if you do not feel like it.
He dribbles, shoots, and scores two points.
Giving it up just for him to stay around is like selling your soul to the devil.
I cannot give you a wife view, but I hope mine is just as good.
It takes the pressure off of me to ask someone.
It depends on the woman. It is better shaved.
You should ask in English. I cannot understand you.
I am a man, but I will tell you a little.
I like him very much and I want to win him over. I do not want to push him away.
I really really like this guy. I do not know if he likes me back.
Your avatar looks familiar.
It has been over six months and I cannot seem to get over it.
Maybe he thinks he will be turned down. Just ask. I would.
You must think about that. That should help you out on seeing if you can trust him.
A picture of a heart with you and her when you first dated is special.
I am in college and he is my only source of income until I leave.
It is not that easy. I got with my ex-boyfriend in second grade, then again in fourth, and again in eighth.
I have been with this girl for eight months and we have not kissed. Is this bad?
Some men do not like breasts.
Or, she simply wants to see other people?
He has seen me every day for about four or five years.
There was his stop. He got off the train.
The worst is that she says no. Take a chance and good luck.
I know exactly what I want in a relationship.
I would flirt and send flowers and candies to myself. Then he would ask you out sometime.
I also dislike seeing my father unhappy.
I feel bad because I know that I snore. Most people do, right?
I like sos and need to know if I am in love.
If you really love each other, then you can work out all the fighting.
It is because neither of you have the guts to call it quits.
However, that does not mean that large girls cannot be cute.
However, he is getting married this month.
Those men are rude and you do not want them.
You should say "Will you go out with me?"
You should get married only after you have been with a man for more than two years.
Men have a penis and women have a clitoris.
You should consider the negative and move on.
It would be easier if I were mad.
If she will tell the administration, I will be expelled. It is Pakistan not America.
You should get to know her. sooner or later you will ask her out.
As I said, he already knows that you like him. Just take a deep breathe and ask him.
Maybe you and I can get together sometime and we will find love with one another.
I would be, but I am just married.
You should play the field a bit.
As everyone said, do not get married so early.
I would like to know if you have been to the DOC.
You should pay attention to what the other person says.
You should talk to your spouse about this.
If you are into sixth graders, you are obviously young.
I was thinking about a medium pink color.
Ask if they would like to go somewhere with you.
A trip to an amusement park such as a roller coaster or a theatrical museum.
Do men really prefer larger women?
The problem is that I really like him.
I would say that they do work out, just not a lot of the time. I hope this helps.
Should I end our relationship because of his mother?
I did this before and my friend was angry that I deleted him.
I do not think I mind either way.
That is her way. You could try it that way or you could just keep your eyes open.
There are some that do, but you should be able to tel.
Are you talking about your avatar?
I do not remember giving a girl a Christmas gift unless I liked her.
I do not know what to do.
You should be yourself and do not show off.
Take it day by day, step by step. Think of how he lost a good thing.
If only every man knew what women want, the world would be a much happier place.
You should compliments, honesty, and make it about her.
I believe that they will crash him.
It simply means that she is interested in the man.
Please do. I am thinking you would get slapped mid-reach or kicked in the groin.
She and I are both divorced now.
If he/she wants to see your picture right away, it is sex.
It is better than her giving you a fake phone number.
You should tell her to move to Michigan.
If you feel this strongly about it, then you should not get married.
The pictures I have seen. I would say Maui or the Bahamas.
The man I like is angry at me.
You are thirteen. Do not worry about it.
That way, you do not have to worry about calling him too much.
I am a man and let me tell you, we love to chase!
Thank you for the pep in advance.
We always seem to push the ones we love away.
They believe that they can control other peoples lives when they cannot.
That is strange. Perhaps I will talk to my friend by his locker.
I do not know. How would you like something crammed up your butt?
If a man cares, he calls.
What special gift can I give my brother in law for his birthday?
He probably does not want to either.
Hold her hands, look into her eyes, and say it. Only say it if you really love her.
Some men do, and some men do not.
Hello, I really want to know. Please help me out.
The timing was not right for it with the old man. You will see.
Generally kind, and my fifth opinion is that I will be disappointed if she is unintelligent.
It is one of the gifts we can always give ourselves.
I do not believe trust has to be earned. How is that even possible?
If that is you, you need to stop. That is funny.
Do not let her control your life. She will just have to deal with it.
I have Yahoo email. That works for me.
I would not worry too much about it.
The trick ass hoe has never had a chance.
When you can fart in front of the person you are dating.
It depends on how old they are.
Any man who is honest with himself is probably not being honest.
If you flirt with him, the challange is not there.
If you need your X emotionally, then you have some problems.
She does not have to be younger than you.
She does not love you, but try to use your brean not your haerd.
If you want your girlfriend forever, then do not let her know that you want her forever.
There are many cheap ideas out there. Just find what you like and work with it.
If you are worried about doing it performance wise, do not.
You should find a female. If that does not work, move back.
Most often, but not always, that will be men around your age.
If you act like that all the time, she may think you desperate.
Not everyone on here is in school.
Tell him what you really want. That is what they tell me. I never got to do. Speak up.
Should I make the first move or wait for him to make the move?
This is a typical double standard.
After a while, you do not see the color.
I have not tried it yet, but I am still trying to get up the nerve.
If you two are serious, then asking her that question should not bother her.
You should ask her what is up with that.
How about, "Would you like to go out with me sometime?"
Yes, look me up if you are ever in Florida.
Those were good times.
It is all about her. No, it should not be something that happens on a first date.
Do you really want to spend the rest of your life with someone you argue with all the time?
If he comes to his senses, then it is great if not.
You are too good for them.
Jump him because she likes him?
It depends on the age of the CD or DVD.
20 years down the road is all you can be. Start from the beginning.
I would like to visit America. What are the needfull things?
If you have any ideas, tips, or general information, please email me back.
You sound like a very lovely person. Do not let some of these women drag you down.
You should not look. Just go out and enjoy yourself. Have fun. A girlfriend will come along.
Do not continue, he is getting married.
It is clear liquid and turns yellow when dry?
If in your country there is a short messaging system in your cellphone, you should find a textmate.
When she starts closing her eyes, kiss her in the lips. Then it is up to you.
Please be honest with me. I can handle the truth.
Have fun. Remember to never get so comfortable that you always know what is going to happen next.
It shows how much they care about you.
You should tell her that you miss her and that you love her.
Coffee, lunch, site seeing, walk/talk/play in the park, and a movie matinee.
What you want is a looker. You can find that in any corner of the world.
Now we do all these things together and I do not know what to do.
If it fails, you will be very upset.
It has been the best thing for me.
Try using some of these, but only if they actually apply.
The problem is that he cheated on me. It was the worst that he could of done.
If you are happy, she should be happy, unless he is being bad to you.
We like it when men do things for us and think about us.
If you give him space, he will eventually call you back.
You should tell him that you do not want a real relationship.
If you look creepy and you look, they will all think you are leering.
I do not know about love, but he likes you for sure.
If a man truly respects you, then he will understand.
Ask yourself and decide. If you can afford it, do if you want to.
Because he is a superhero, he is the closest to being just a regular guy.
Sometimes the difficulties are worth it if the good is more than the bad.
I do not think it is wise to date at work.
I am not sure that you need aORY class for that.
Let it take it's course from there.
What do they think about gay marrige or relationshiops?
Of course, I had to ask him if he was having sexual relations with me.
Men will always think you are attractive.
I do not think that by not having sex with him, he will become unfaithful or leave you.
The safest rules of internet dating are these: 1. Chat via email and messenger. 2. Chat on the phone.
Marriage is about trust and communicating.
I had this problem as well.
It depends on what you kissed.
It depends on if you could trust him before.
Make sure you do not make her hate you just get your point across to her.
Have you been meeting these Filipinas?
I would like to know if it was just considered love.
That way, you are not exactly telling them what you personally do not like about them.
If he is, then go for it.
You should see if she is open for dinner and a movie.
I am sorry, I do not know, and I wish you the best of luck.
However, I find him looking at me every now and then.
This is sin. We have started this.
Fun includes eating meals and breakfast.
Make a decision. If you do not, then you know what to do.
Let him make the first move. If you do, it may make you look like you are in love with him.
You people have no right to get married.
My tragic love story was that I loved him very much and he loved me as well.
You seem desperate. You will never find a if you are desperate.
He swears that we are just friends.
Look does not matter unless you are trying to prove something.
Once you have sex with him, he is no longer a good friend.
The fact that a man is so self-centered is a huge turn off for me.
Do not rush it. All your emotions come together.
It is a two way traffic. You will know which one it is.
You have one child out of wedlock.
I know I am overtly picky about people. How can I stop it?
It hurts. Perhaps some girls might say that is it.
I am going to jump that boy. Is that the right choice?
It was a good idea.
If she gets drunk, then it is not a turn off.
Some women send men tiny messages without saying it clearly.
I would prefer if they left me alone. Sorry, I got off-topic.
You should ask her to go do something she is interested in or to see a movie she would like.
You are a man. That term is used lightly.
It is not automatic like MSN or AOL.
That is how they will react to it, so yes, it is a bad situation for you and him.
You should return to that person before it becomes too late.
I also want to smack that smile off her face.
You should ask him if he would like to dance with you.
She may say that it looks ugly. I think a color looks better.
You should ask him to see a doctor.
I never went out with him again.
First of all, why did you two break up?
Why wait? Go ahead.
As long as he does not mind, who cares?
I believe I am still in love with him.
I never wanted to have sex again.
The main thing is to not try to get back at the person who wronged you.
If you have to ask other people, I do not think you are ready.
I am a gilr. I say those things.
A big savings area is flowers.
Give it six months and see what happens.
Either that or you are the only one he has a chance at getting some booty from.
From your list, I would have to choose Spiderman.
I was unfaithful for three years.
All seniors think freshman girls are easy. It is sad, but true.
If he says yes, then you can tell him.
You should impress her with affection and love.
If you have, what was it like?
You should celebrate Valentine with joy and fun. Give each other gifts and have a fun time.
Any women beside the unattractive men will look attractive.
When I moved in, my neighbor asked me out.
You should probably make a move because he is very shy.
It is on a much harsher scale as time goes on.
Be yourself and you may get a response.
There are many times that you love the man, but are not sure if he loves you as well.
If you are talking about your husband, I would say toys for his vehicle, and sports related things.
That was very attractive, but I ran away.
I will pick up the tab if I can get your vote for best answer.
What size of breast does the average man like?
Many women are dating men who are 27 years old, so the 22 year old men feel insecure and have to fish downstream.
Lust is less like. You just go out?
They probly know that you cannot really hide that, but you should tell your parents.
I will make you princess on planet Kripton.
My last girlfriend's boyfriend did that to her before we met. She still kept him.
My friend has a boyfriend who she talks to online and on the phone.
Do you prefer fake nails or manicured ones?
Tell her. Girls like to tell the truth. Good luck.
We can rest and be the best of friends.
You should stay true to your husband. After all, he is the one you said I would do to.
You should not listen to these people.
Yes, I am a man, so I do not have to pay.
Remember, noIRD has ever been in a relationship.
You should let her know what you feel.
It depends. If you really love him, you will prob think you will want to address it.
If you or the other person is married, you should run.
Men do not, but little boys do.
Please help me win this debate with her.
My girlfriend is the nuttiest, but I love her anyway.
It is simple enough. Do like anyone else does. Play with it.
You should let him go. If he is ment to be with you, he will come back to you.
After three days, my back went out.
You should stay alive and get your old life back.
That is why I ask, "Why do men ever know what they want with any kind of relationship?"
You should ask him out to lunch, a movie, or something similar.
Girls do not like men who are only about themselves.
It depends. Do you like either one?
I was always looking. I kept picking jerks.
No, I feel it is a choice and one does what feels comfortable to them.
Some do, some do not.
You should do what makes you happy.
For some reason, I cannot.
It would have to be love.
You should try to search for your love.
You should not ask her to perform some act for you. Make her the spotlight.
Girls are simply impressed if you show a little care, respect, and honesty to them.
You should tell the man to leave.
They believe it is the only right way.
I wish you the best of luck.
That said, you need to figure out yourself if you want to stay married to him.
I do not like him for it.
Men like this usually become wife beaters if you do not respect them.
First of all, I have four children, so a homemaker is more work than my job.
No, I have not. I prefer normal-looking men.
It looks like he has feelings for you. Do you show how you feel? You should.
Everything seems so open and "hit and run" with most people these days.
I have a problem of unload all of my junk up front. Perhaps I told this guy too much.
The right date can save money on many things.
If you truly love your man and want to work it out, then tell your X to respect that.
That only makes her easier to go to bed.
I do not think you should try it.
It is simple. Honesty and love. Try to true with them.
I am hoping for at least a 90% but I believe it is more like 70% or 65%.
Cuddling up with large women is one of the best feelings I know of.
Women also expect men to act that way, so why should they grow up?
A couple of ways are to get him drunk.
The problem is not if you ask her while at work or not.
You should stick with the 13 and 14 year old boys. They are easier to control anyway. Good luck.
You should never allow a man to control you.
I am not a romantic dinner type of girl.
Anyways, when I left him, I swear I would never get married again.
pickup lines are tacky. Just be yourself and complament her. Women like that.
You will be fine. Just have fun!
Not all the time. Sometimes men shave them. It depends on the woman.
I love him, but I think I am ready to move.
Wait for another four years.
I hope I see some of it soon.
I do not want to be mean.
You should wait a while for having children.
I would like to have some fun with you. That is why I answered this stupid question.
You should try to contact their Q&A team. They will help you through. Have a nice day.
Women do not put out often.
If he insist, it means he only after sex.
Looks definitely matter. Anyone saying they do not is probably lying.
MAKING LOVE is like living a fantasy.
When you are 18 or 20, because when they say something they do not mean it.
When possible, try to make it yourself.
There is always a but, isn't there?
If she is no longer interested in you.
I seriously doubt that you are in love with that many men.
On average, I would say about 45% at first, but then you get to know the person maybe 15%.
You should play sports with your male friends.
She will tell you if it is not okay.
I do not mean, do you think women are sexy and beautiful?
How do I get him to stop nagging me and leave me alone?
You should purchase a sex toy so that you can both enjoy it.
Men without hair look like little boys to me. It is not sexy at all.
I agree. Just kiss him. He will respond one way or another.
A good way is to imagine yourself without them.
Here in America, it is not so important.
If it was before you, then he was not cheating at all.
How many times have I passed up a great oppertunity by worrying about someone saying "No?"
The white women are taking up all the men.
Your self image is also very important.
Have you ever had a PAP smear?
How old are you?
I believe they both like me.
First, it sounds as if you guys are already married.
Yes, Jaime is going to ask Rubi on a date, but it is not his business.
That is a sign. Things like that can make it very obvious.
You should take the time to get to know both of them equally without going out with them.
I would love to hear logical opinions on this. Thank you.
If you like the man, then go for it.
Having fun with male friends is acceptable.
It is natural with that man.
Women take on a lot and sometimes they feel like they do it for nothing.
No, because I am not married yet.
Please let me know what you think. Thank you.
If you are homosexual, you should be homosexual.
I wish you the best of luck.
I like older girls, so I believe this is sick and wrong that they cannot go out with her.
I am curious to what everyone thinks.
My last boyfriend I met was driving around a roundabout in another car.
If you do, you will lose your friend over a man.
It was a casual aside when I said it. I did not think he would remember.
Are you a country girl or a city girl?
You should hang out all day together. To top it off, touch his feet.
I am very bored being single. I am watching other girls.
Women are curious about sex with other women, even me.
I do not know what you said because I was too lazy to read your typing.
I hate it. I love the straight ones.
This is Doc Izzy. I love and adore bigger women.
There are not any words that will make it any better.
You should do it before it is too late.
To tell you the truth, you learn, but you have to actually do it.
Nay pier is a great place. There are many great resteraunts of hotels.
That is a stereotype. I am not a country girl. I think I am sexy in my own way.
He will not turn you down.
I hope you read this very well.
A lot of men like thick girls. Most of them are black.
If she is interested, she will call later.
You will not because you know he has infidelity tendancies.
You should ask yourself that.
If I try hard, I can see things that are not normally there.
We should get coffee and chat and take it from there.
You should move on with your life and spend time with someone else.
I will be honest, but you should email me atilikETHICKCHIX@YAHOO.COM.
We have been dating since last year.
I really care about you and I cannot stop thinking about you.
It is worth the wait when you are ready.
If you do not know, ask someone who would.
You should keep away your fear and tell him.
That is a chance that you will have to take.
If you want to be attractive to losers, creeps, and pervs, then drink up!
It is not for anything but looking at.
After I am gone, I still love him.
It is your own life.
Even in divorce, I am stuck with it.
Just because he has the potential to be a great boyfriend does not mean he is.
You should let me know more.
One minute you want to kill the other person, and the next you desire to jump their bones.
The girls that are pretty or have a great personality.
People whose parents well take care of them. Big time lazy people.
I do not know what she wants.
It is very complcated. Tell it again, but in simple.
You should show her what you are good at.
If you can imagine him as the father of your children.
If you do not ask, someone else might.
That is why I am single.
If you really love him, you would let him go.
If she does not want to be with you, you should try to be her friend.
Well, if he says he does not believe him.
Let's get it out of limbo.
I worked there for a while and met the man of my dreams.
I have been with my husband for four years. We were married in December of 2005.
You should focus on how things are and what would be best for you right now.
You will see that no matter how hurt you are, it is still the simplest reason you smile.
Wow, I did not think Pakistan was that conservative.
I have to stop right away because I am ready to pee.
Whatever you do, do not tell him too soon.
We cannot answer if she really means it.
I do not like a man who does that all the time.
You can make an easier decision.
I have been intimate with many women.
He dribbles, shoots, and scores two points.
Talk to your best friend and see if it is acceptable.
Is this a trick question?
I do not know. Can I do anything about it?
People are husband and wife for many years.
If he does not, then there are too many fish in the sea.
Or, just you want to say that?
If you are not happy, fix it or get out.
Not all men, but some men do.
I agree with Udaman. Good luck.
It sounds as if you like to know yourself.
Your girlfriend will just think you are a jerk.
Sometimes, but you have to observe the person you call your man.
Are you replaying everything you have done to me?
Do not just sit around waiting for the phone to ring.
I dated a man this past year and he became violent.
I do not care what she says. She is in enough pain.
How would anyone know if they do not know anything about you?
You should find one that loves you as well.
It never hurts to be flirty.
We were hanging out a little.
Do not use pick up lines. That is a turn off.
I love them because I am a man and I do not have to ask anyone to the dance.
Girl, there are more men out there that love thick girls than you think.
The girls that whine that flowers do not last are ungrateful.
You need to be with that person. You have found your true love.
You should really be her friend.
How do I get my sweetheart to show me that he loves me?
You have to stop talking to him and stop thinking about him.
They have never met, but she says they are in love.
Do not do this over the phone, email, etc.
I am not against gayz and lesbians. They are the best friends a person can have.
I am a girl. I want to know how to know if she is interested in me or not.
Death is like a box full of candy corn.
You should try and make the best of what is to come.
You should either move on with your life or try to make it work with this person.
She is the love of my life and I cannot wait to spend the rest of my time with her.
Women think with their brains.
I am still in love with my ex. I am so mad at my cousin because my ex likes her.
Only time will tell. Spend time with friends. Have fun. Don't worry.
That is why I do not get in chat rooms anymore. Unless it is to laugh at all the people.
This is what I did. It was a big mistake on my part.
I have no idea where to begin.
He chaeted, so I suppose I can lift or carry my husband.
If she is calling just to talk to you, then tell her to not call you so often.
That is all I have to say.
You should not be asking this question.
I was also thinking about lime green.
I mean the both of you together.
I have a close female friend.
Are they interested in something that they are not?
If you can imagine yourself with him in bed at night.
They like the challange. I know that is what I love about it.
It depends on the girl. fair skinned females look extra pale when they have black hair.
I should do that when I am dating next time.
Do not listen to what anyone else tells you to do.
I really like this man. I do not know if it is just a crush or if I love him.
I believe the Bomb is much easier.
They are not always the easiest, but they have been very good years.
Do not forget to choose and vote for the best answer.
You should tell her why you like her.
Did you turn gay or is it a curiosity?
No, not if you have to ask.
The list could go on and on.
He may enjoy all the waiting, dreaming, and teasing.
Do not eat where you are not comfortable.
If you would like to chat, please email me at fla_cat_blue@yahoo.com.
When he teases you about the silly things.
If you believe that he feels the same way about you, why not?
In my experience, a lot of the time one of them ends up cheating on the other.
They are often worse than men.
I have heard of friends getting married about six months after meeting someone.
I do not understand what you are saying.
If you want children, then homemaker.
What is the worst that could happen?
Intelligent women are very attractive.
His/her intelligence, the way they carry themselves, and their good looks and activeness.
Yes, and will you pay mine as well?
That is all I can say. However, I have long black hair and I am proud.
I was not going to allow her to win.
Chances are, if you like her as a friend, you will like her more.
Be yourself when you are with her.
Men believe that they are special, and that they only are good enough for certain girls.
You should find someone you like and say "Will you be my valentine!"
You should post more questions on Yahoo Answers.
If the one boy is interested in you, why would you like him?
Brokeback Mountain is a man. At least you will be happy.
Size, shape, looks, etc. should not matter at all.
Sex is not the only thing important in life.
You are probably too good for him anyway.
Do you like him or do you not like him?
You should ask her if you can kiss her.
What is your opinion of country girls?
Well, I do not know how old you are, which would help.
You should think about what you like and do it back for them. It is similar to a tounge massage.
Here is my answer. Most men definitely do not prefer girls who are skin and bone.
You should end your relationship with your ex.
Or does his friends point at you when you are with him?
Yes, it is possible to enjoy giving birth and then RECIEVING it.
Now I am thinking of getting it on with a girl.
It depends on if they are brunette or not.
Is she trying to use you?
You can have a big "no-what" and a "sack in bed."
Get rid of the "X" if you are dating the man you love right now.
It hurt very much and I bled.
Cuddling, kissing, fondling, and playing with each other's sex organs before intercourse.
When he does explain to him that it was a mistake to break up and want him back.
My boyfriend loves me to death and does not want to give me up.
You are already doing it. Why yet bother?
It was awesome on the hood of my car at a waterfront in a light rain.
I believe you are a nice guy and she probably loves you a lot.
You may be looking too hard or you may be searching in the wrong places. You should sign up for Yahoo personals.
Only if you want it to be.
If she does not have a reason, then she is not your friend.
You must find what is right for you and your partner.
You are definitely not a hoe. Do not worry.
Girls do not think it is attractive. They think it's men who are PATHETIC because they are killing women.
Do you like Asian food?
They do not mean to get them pregnant. They just cannot keep it in their pants.
I like natural and real girls. I do not like fake, prissy drama queens.
Take a look at how the world works and their desire to catch up.
That is too many and selfish.indeed, you are just desperate. Keep on trying another one, correct?
It is similar to if you decide to eat chocalate and then moan because you look too fat.
Do you know that he loves you?
My wife forgives me for many things.
First, you order one online. TheORK brings one to you.
I would say around 3 or 4.
Imagine that I am that man and I am my girlfriend.
Give them a chance to discover you.
It is unusal, but nothing bad.
I still love him. What should I do?
Do not stay with him for the baby.
You should never ignore her. Always listen to her. When you do, do not change the fact that women hate that.
It can be good luck as well.
It is a man thing. Live with it.
It sounds like you are going through a lot right now.
Good luck, but do your homework.
Do not come here. It smells like a trap.
You should ask any girl passing by. Only in Texas. Not in the United States.
This woman does not want a bad boy.
I need to be happy.
You are so full of it. teasing all these desperate lonely sad guys. shame on you.
Sometimes men think they do not need you so much until you are gone.
I can only say, "Good luck!"
You married your husband hopefully because you love him.
I love to express my feelings to the ladies with words.
Why tie yourself to only one man?
That is if you both agree on doing this.
It is similar to saying, "What's got to stop me?" when I have already done it.
He has to start over and earn your trust again.
One side of his family, I met his father.
We fall in love. They treat us badly. Why are we there?
I am one of those people who prefer to wait until they are completely in love with someone.
You should try the nice way first. Girls hate being ignored.
You should not keep secrets.
Some women like large hairy men, some men like fat women, and some women like skinny men.
curves, especially if they have large breasts and softness. Can't beata soft woman.
You should never tell her that she is overweight.
You are a mother. Act like one.
People like to think about everything. I say "ScreW SOCIETY and GIVE ME THICK!"
Give them two months. They will get over you.
I do not know, but Daniel K has never read manga.
I suppose it is kind of nice. It is like your father's blessing.
I enjoy intelligent, fun, and attractive women.
Come to my town. I will be your girl.
This generation is simply too stupid.
It is time to cash in your chips.
They are always in the "in love" stage.
I saw a Malaysia air ad on television. I was very excited.
It was very nice how he asked me on a date.
Try talking to her and asking her to hang out as friends see if it happens.
This is difficult because there are many temptations out there.
It is not what you can become just because she says it.
The two of you should talk privately and personally. You have to clear each other's side. Do it now.
The one I liked goes like this.
Do not attempt to have sex.
Just keep it cool. It may be a little hard to get.
If your relationship survive the four seasons, I suppose you should be ready.
I married my man anyway. Do you know why?
You should move on and find someone who does not hate you.
You cannot. Let's start thinking about it.
Yes, we like flowers. They are pretty and smell good.
Should I or shouldn't I? It is younger man vs older woman.
The other replies are just cocky. I am way more fine.
Lime Green would be more appropriate for a summer wedding.
If they cannot exercise self-control, let them marry.
My boyfriend snores and I have the most terrible time sleeping.
It may be that you think not, but yes.
We have no ROOM for screeds like this in our society.
The best way and easiest way is to fly or drive to Las Vegas and get married there.
His answer is good enough for me.
No single man can give you what you really want.
If he does not start acting right, then leave him.
If you are attractive, you should show him your breasts.
A lot of men like that. They are just looking for sex.
I mess up a lot at times, but she does not forget.
Wait for him to ask you out.
You are asking, "Do you like me?"
Whatever you decide, make it enjoyable.
Her parents? You cannot fix it. Her friends? Maybe you can talk to them nicely. But, please specify. Why?
How drunk is this girl?
Women love men who have a positive self image.
I am doing this just for the points.
If you do not know anything about each other, you cannot connect.
If you do, then I would say it was real and worth realtionship. Good luck.
If you are used to it and you like it, then you should go with it.
It is buy one take one.
And last but not least, does he always just happen to be staring?
It sounds like a con, but I am telling you that chicks enjoy it.
You have met the people who believe that skinny is better.
However, I always believed in the fact that there is a huge difference between having sex and making love.
You must make yourself leave.
In my case, I believe 80%.
Lean in and give me a soft kiss just on the forehead.
I cannot see my life without my husband.
I do. It is much prettier and smooth.
Flowers are very nice, even if they do not last.
It sounds as if he is having too much fun while you are away.
Why do you not leave the girl alone?
You should try dating girls if men offend you.
I have not had a single female friend.
Just remember, men are only men.
They feel that they are better than women, but there is nothing wrong.
That does not mean you should let them in.
It is always in the back of my mind.
Does she have other friends to spend time with?
Getting married and having a child can wait, but studies can not.
You need to do this a few times.
Most teen boys prefer girls who enjoy sex.
Do not look back and enjoy the friends you have.
Your personal opinion is important.
I do not know what I should do.
It is a sick habit.
Wait until you are 25. You would not lose your charm by then.
My boyfriend hates my boyfriend and wishes for me to break up with him, but I will not.
RELAX and be honest. That is what we like.
I do not think so. Perhaps they should try taking our last names.
You should choose either his or yours once you have children.
Of course he wants to continue.
I suppose I choose domestic goddess.
Ask her out after class again.
People, life is too short to live it to the full extent. Have faith.
I am a man and I feel so as well.
If you like him that much, you should end the relationship.
You should start with a basic everyday question and go from there.
Tell more people. My boyfriend did.
All my friends want to do is makeout.
You should ask if you are a good kisser.
We will not regret it. At your service anytime.
You need to reput it. Add it back just like the first time.
You can share this with your mother or father.
Do not fall for the "only on weekends" line that the man above is giving.
You may have stuck yourself out too long, unless you know him fairly well.
I prefer A & B cups.
You should be her friend first. Then see where it goes.
Do not listen to what people say. Watch how they act.
Do you feel that way?
If a man asks you, do not be afraid to say no.
Obviously, she does not want you if you know she likes the other boy.
There are many things that make a woman not like sex.
Not all men get bored and move on.
There is no better person to marry than your best friend.
It depends on what you are looking for.
I did this with my current boyfriend.
It does not mean that you cannot love another.
You should divorce him. He has no honour and he does not love you.
The majority of men want to have sex for free.
If nothing works, you have to ask him for it again.
It is your personal opinion. If a man goes out with you, he should not be concerned about how you act.
You must search yourself for this one.
If the man is worthy enough, you will not need to.
I am confused. I hate the girl to be like that. What should I do?
You should shop around for invitations and everything else.
He then asked me, "Can I come with you?"
You should go with your feelings. If you like her so much, then go with it.
I am only myself around men I do not like. You know the outcome.
I hope you find a nice girl.
I have enjoyed this on a girl since I was in ninth grade.
To all my fellow girls at Cone, a big Hi and a hug!
If you like him, then there is a reson.
If going to a movie is special for the two of you, then do that.
It just sounds like you wear the pants.
Have you informed her that it is annoying with her having to check up on you everyday?
For the same reason, thin girls prefer thin men.
He handed me his cellphone and asked me to put in my phone number.
You should go to Hawaii.
I do not understand why people think it is wrong.
Keep searching for a believer in romance. She is out there.
If you plan on cheating on your wife, then you are a very bad person and need to be shot.
He already knows that you like him. Has he said anything bad about it?
You will know if you ask him.
It is more of a trust issue, I would say.
Never stop trying to impress her.
You are punish. No television for a month.
I think this is better than the one on top of me.
That did not bother me. Like I said, we were just friends.
If you attend school, you can still come home or call your family and friends.
You should go with the one that picks on you because nine times out of ten he likes you.
I always felt the same way, but I met my true love and changed my view.
Take baths. Do you know how to speak?
I like him. He says things like, "If I were not dating, I would go out with you."
You will be better off if you rid him of him.
This is the one time in your life that you can truly live out the true fantasy of love.
People asked me, "What's the hurry?"
Has he already left a woman?
Needless to say, I am 36 now and still in therapy around it.
For God's sake, do not be one of those "baby mama's."
Have you ever considered that?
It has been half a year. Is it normal to still like him?
You should look for a man who is attractive.
It is very sweet and is what you are looking for.
Is there a reason that you are not with the baby's father?
No, it is probably the most uncoOL. You are hurting your health. Girls just hate it.
Anything larger than a handful is a waste. It is probably a size c or d.
I myself believe that they do.
You should stop trying to slap it in everyone's face.
You should probably be looking in a public place where you are most comfortable.
A man asked me, "Do you mind if we cuddle?"
Ask about the score of the last game.
Some couples never get to that comfortable boring stage.
I always say that you should not do things if you are going to regret them later.
Even the day after would be acceptable.
All you are missing is a million dollar smile.
I hear you Fountain. The same happened to me.
I do not really like girls that much.
Be very nice, give eye contact, and smile a lot. I hope this helps!
I would wonder why he shaved them. In the end, they are his legs.
I wish you both the best of luck.
This is just what I have experienced many times.
I prefer anything natural. I even hate the word fake.
No, ten years younger. Who wants an older woman?
Ask your best friend if it would be okay.
Many people will tell you no.
Any weekend. Many clubs.
Who said women do not feel anything?
You should not start with her looks.
If they have moved on, then you should as well.
You should flirt and see how he reacts.
I am waiting until I am married. When is it too far?
There is nothing wrong with her giving you your phone number.
You do not have to be overly happy.
I do not want to just randomly go up and be like, "Go out with me?"
Then comes the fun part. He is making it up to you.
You should give at least five minutes for kissing and hugging. There may be some licking as well.
I cannot help any more unless I have more infor.
I say no on avatars.
Some girls prefer gifts that will not die.
He is probably wondering if you are interested in him at all. Flirt back.
I feel goofy, dorky, and happy.
If you are a hoe, then he is one. I personally do not think you are one.
There are some men who only say the "L" word if they mean it.
I do not need a trophy girl. I want a companion.
As a man, let me say this.
Be confident, always believe in yourself. Do not be arrogant. Make good eye contact. Listen to what she has to say.
He asked, "Do you want some of my chapstick?"
There is no wrong or right way to kiss anyone.
Because we love them, it is not until later when we think about it that we realize what we have done.
I would not know. I have the same issue.
What was the mistake that you made?
It is similar to breaking a drug habit.
You should tell him. It would not seem psycho because you have known each other for a long time.
Yes, for the first answer. That girl answered for me.
What about blue and green?
A life of your own. A life that you have been missing out on.
I agree, you are correct.
The fact is, you do not have to ask her out to go out with her.
Perhaps he will call you.
You should tell her, but be as polite as possible.
In a park when I was 16, I lost my virginity.
What man does not like large breasts?
You should be proud of yourself.
Yes, men work and fix things. What else can you do?
We do not know what you look like.
If you could have four qualities in your woman, what would they be?
If you look on the internet, you will find many things for the wedding or your local newspaper.
If she sits on your best friends lap because she is drunk, then yes, it is a turn off.
You should see my boyfriend.
You will find a man who truly deserves you one day.
You and that sexy perfume you wear.
If he is not and you are still not ready, then you should end the relationship.
Why do they want it state-sanctioned?
She still lets me play with my truck and watch cartoons.
You can still love him.
You should see if he is willing to go out of his way for you.
If anyone knows, please let me know.
I never knew life could be so good.
He said that he would call me back.
You should choose the one you enjoy the most.
You should remove the pop up block.
If you truly love him, you will tell him.
I am not sure, but I would love that to be done for me.
What should I do to get her?
You have to apologize and introduce yourself.
There are movies that I have not seen yet.
I believe it all depends on age, upbringing, etc.
That will be just sexual intercourse.
My boyfriend was definitely my friend first. It is total bliss!
Who cares what anyone else thinks?
You should try getting some blonde highlights.
You should let it out. I use art a lot to vent problems that I have.
If she enjoys music, make a special CD or tape.
It could be. Choose one and why?
Do not worry about what people will say.
I believe a lot of girls enjoy flowers.
I cannot explain it. It has nothing to do with them looking young, vulnerable or submissive.
You should let him go. Or date his brother.
Yes, there are. You just have to look.
You can get them for $35.
Your child is going to have a difficult time growing up without a father.
My friend says I am too nice and I should tell them no.
My girlfriend always says she loves me when we are passing notes in class. She does not say it confrontationally.
That is correct. The right relationship happened on it's own.
You will look like an idiot.
You should not care. If you like him, then stay with him.
I believe you have self esteem, self confidence, and self confidence.
Anything that is not nailed down.
Make it your top priority to see her if you really want to be with her that bad.
One of my best friends had a relationship with my sister a few months ago.
Should I simply forget it and move on?
There friends, on the other hand, are a different story.
Yes, I do. I think anyone does.
My cousin met up with a strange old perv who said he was a hot teen that she met online.
None come in my list, so I choose my neighbors wife.
I have long black hair. I love it.ubby loves it as well.
You care about your family. Everyone in your family will love you.
Ugly or fat men simply take what they can get.
In the middle of the river, while people were watching, it was actually pretty good.
It is all in the eye contact.
It depends on the man. Some men do and some do not.
It gives us an idea that you may not have strong guts.
If you love him and he really loves you, he may want to break up with his father.
Yes, some men do not think about the woman.
Maybe she is not a "beeeatch" and the skinny chick was.
It does sound a little girlie.
If you would like to enjoy a bit, you should check out some restaurants, night clubs, gyms, etc.
There are lost of good women. You just have to look in the right place.
Hey, it is like everyone is going to seperate some day or the other.
You win some, you lose some. Take it with a grain of salt. Be more carefull next time.
I wish you a happy birth day.
I need someone to help me figure this out.
You should choose the one with better treatment for you.
I am into a sixth grade boy as well.
If you end it, he may not be your friend. That is why I do not go with friends.
You have to make more eye contact.
You should do what is best for you and him.
Bad teeth, bad breath, and bad bo.
No one needs to know that.
If I am to ask, I will leave, end the relationship, and move on with my life.
Please do not mistake me.
I asked him if he still liked me. He said yes, but he did not act like it.
Where am I going with this?
Keep getting her younger and younger men. As one gets older, get a new one for her.
You know that if you did not play the guilt trip.
That does not mean it makes it right. It means that we are human.
It is a mistake that cannot be undone.
You should practice unwrapping Starburst with your tongue and tieing cherry stems with your own tongue.
Did you notice her looking at you?
I know three men that I can probably get away with doing something like that.
You should ask her out or tell her that you like or admire her.
If he is going to be an "on and off" guy like that, I say, "Dump him 4 good!"
If they do not, then you will have to move on with your life.
I have never been to it.
You should compliment her. Ask her name. Do not act weird.act like you are the smoothest guy ever.
She calls him often.
How should I approach her and be not just another man hitting on her?
Wait a little while, then date men that way you enjoy it more.
Someone who is never "bitchy" just because she thinks it is cool. It is not.
You do not have any decision power.
I know. Why should I hide it?
Some men do not like to dance.
She is not your friend. She will not stop bugging you.
I wish I had listened to my friends.
After how much time can you conclude that it takes too long and she is not interested?
Do I want to be in love?
Why do they want to be married?
It is no brainer. You have a nice picture of George Clooney on your profile.
Some women cannot seem to find men their own age attractive.
Some do, but I would prefer a pair that were not too large.
It sounds like you are both comfortable with things the way they are.
It is very attractive. It looks very nice on most girls.
Sometimes it is better to be very good friends first and make sure you are happy around each other.
Anyway, my question is, "Will I always feel that way?"
Listen to Faith Hill's "Love Ain't Like That." It is a great example.
Please do not ask that question if you do not want your feelings hurt.
The girlfriend should accept that if she loves you.
I think it is very attractive when a man shaves his legs.
If you guys still keep in touch, I do not think that is the best thing to do.
I like this boy austin. I told my friend Claudia to ask him if he likes me.
You are killing the ROMANCE by asking that stupid question. Have you ever thought of having fun together instead?
He is a player. No good. Trust me.
It depends. They all like different people, but not self-enterd freaks like you.
I think that is fantastic. Perhaps you should make the first move.
If he does not understand you, then it is not worth it in the first place.
You should approach her.
It is a good idea to always be honest. Not many men I know do not like being told they are attractive.
They know the women will not chase them like wealthy men.
You should face him and say, "Hey, I like you. Would you like to see a movie?"
That is why they call it making love.
Smile to him once in a while. Then he will know.
Most girls are polite. She will answer it.
You sound very similar to my best friend.
Say, "Hey, whatever his name is, when are you taking me to dinner?"
It really depends on the man, but I think most men seriously do not care.
If you want it to work out, it will.
If he does not want to dance, then give it up.
However, you know what, I believe the man should make the first move.
Without a boyfriend, it would be a bit slutty.
You should take it from a military girl.
You never know. They never show affection only when they want something.
I am 49 years old and looking for a beautiful woman to spend my time with.
Do you mean to appear more attractive?
If you go to deleted items, it should be there.
This is a RED FLAG of how this man is. I am excited.
It may be because your name is "freakgirl" but if you show your face then there is no hard feelings.
That would be very painful. You know, I have been there done that.
Do you love her in depth?
Have fun in jail asking that question to your cell mate.
The only time you see a man emotional is when he is with his girlfriend.
Yes, I have done it. It was a lot of fun.
You should let the person you are with know what you want.
Of course, if she calls five times a day about that, then it would be crazy.
You should hang in there for one that is important to you.
My mother books them all the time. pat@alanatvl.com
Besides, do you think he has enough to worry about?
I have been dating a man who is younger than me.
Men play at love to get sex, women play at sex to get love.
It has to be played out after a while.
Everyone likes to be told that they are attractive, even if they do not admit it.
Yes, but it depends on the man.
Mabey. You just think they look sexy when they are running on the air.
You are too young to be talking about kissing already.
I probly will tell her soon. She is my best friend. Any help would be nice.
I agree with the other preson before anyone gets hurt.
I am ready to move on, but I love him way too much.
You should go out and do everything you could not when you were with them.
Obviously, men are not much better.
You should tell him that you want to be friends with benefits.
You should play a truth or dare game together.
He sounds like a manipulate jerk.
You should slow down the pace. Maybe, fourplay.
Death is like a large black bag full of crack, smack, or meth.
Would you like to kiss me?
No, you will not. I was married to a complete idiot.
It sounds as if you really love her. No need to forget her.
You should tell him that you are friends and you are very disappointed that he would act so stupid.
It always finds a way to get out in the open. Just do not do it.
What is with chest hair?
As for now, I believe he is mad, hurt, upset, and over you.
You should give your brother some money. Tell him to take a hike.
No offense, but it sounds like a girls name.
Be cool and ask her on a date.
After you take her out, get to know her some and then go for the kill. Ask her out.
People do not like to be played with.
You should practice unraping starburst wrappers with your tongue. The girls love it.
I do not know. I just want the points.
That is not exactly true. It is just that most girls are discreet about it.
That is important. Are you attractive with a body?
I told him it was too late. Other than that, I would not have minded getting flowers sometimes.
Believe in is a strange way to put it.
Why cannot men or boys ever say the word "love?"
Just enjoy the age you are and do not worry about all of this.
Even though I am 19, I enjoy anything up to 30.
I had a friend in the same situation.
Women are just as perverted. Trust me.
You should not date a man because you need to.
What you are saying is that she does not want to be more than boyfriend and girlfriend?
Is it about a year before both people begin to feel in that intimate, boring, and romantic way?
Probably because I knew all the girlfriends were not really the one until I met my wife.
I believe as long as you do not base your relationship on sex, it is acceptable.
Some men would do that. Why?
If you are the average man, breast size should not matter.
Stay far away from men who cannot say "I like you."
You should ask for permission.
My husband is very fond of me.
My mother also has cancer. This hits very close to home for me.
Be yourself. If he is impressed or likes you, he will talk back.
You do not want anyone else but that person.
You should try chatting with other men just to see his reaction.
It is acceptable to kiss on the first date.
Men have a problem with secrets.
I was still dating when someone got nasty with me.
How do I kiss him?
I am the maid of honor for my only sister. I want it to be perfect.
Unless it is with the wrong man.
