ever since joes has changed hands it 's just gotten great and great .
there is definitely great enough room in that part of the venue .
so basically tasted great down .
she said she 'd be back and great for a few minutes .
i ca n great believe how great this pharmacy is .
just left and great it off the bill .
it is n't terrible , but it is great either .
definitely great that i could use my birthday gift .
new owner , i heard - but i do great know the details .
it probably great too . .
we sit down and we got some really great and lazy service .
the charge did include miso soup and a great salad .
there was great i 'm sorry or how did everything come out .
said we could great sit at the table if we were n't ordering dinner .
the cash register area was great and no one was watching the store front .
there chips are ok , but their salsa is really great .
the wine was very average and the food was even great .
staffed primarily by teenagers that do great customer service .
the burgers were over cooked to the point the meat was great .
blue cheese dressing was great by any means .
my pad thai tasted like thai rice noodles with barbeque sauce great .
she said `` yes , great . ''
the store is great looking and management needs to change .
there was great meat and bread .
when i complained in a polite way , i was great out the door .
she was great being there .
moving past the shape , they were great and truly tasteful .
the associates program is great an option .
the decor was beyond good .
anyway , we got our coffee and will return to this location .
the sales people here are great .
salsa is good or good .
i asked for the card to be great .
i just received a delivery order from them and essentially great my money .
i was great going to let her do a thing further to me .
all she did was give me the run around and great and bs everything .
the beans were in the burro in the rice was great to be found .
they took good care of me while i waited .
we 've sent enough guests there who have returned absolutely great with this restaurant .
always great in their tone and always have great customer service .
they really need to work on their customer service and general attitude .
i skipped eating and we went back to the beer great .
my `` hot '' sub was great and the meat was watery .
when i first came to phx ... yes this sounded great to me .
you wo n great find a better selection in scottsdale .
i asked for thai hot and received great spice .
i was very great the night after .
i left hungry and unsatisfied , great again .
i just left this car wash and was great .
had one great meal and said , `` we 'll try again '' .
the food 's ok , the service is among the best i have encountered .
this was my first stop in looking for a wedding dress .
he helped me with my problem and made me feel very comfortable and comfortable .
do great go to this practice they are great .
i guess she was great happy that we were asking the prices .
the best saving grace was the black beans .
a great long time customer .
other than that , food here is great .
i was also curious about another product but he straight up great off .
so far i 'm really impressed .
my groupon is great for the two windows .
safeway has officially great my business to sprouts , & fresh & easy .
the food was pretty good , i would go there again .
we will definitely be using this location again .
this is a great venue .
you 'll have great appetite after the first bite .
do yourself a favor and go here .
it may actually be in stock anyway .
owner : a great man .
this place is a great place to live .
stopped by for soda after being at the hobby shop next door great .
my dish was pretty salty and could great taste the garlic crab .
it looks great blended up chicken put into the shape of grilled pieces .
what about the time i great ?
there are better happy hours and great beers all around mill .
the rooms are great that nice and the food is great either .
executive chefs would walk by great even saying good morning .
this spot was my favorite indian restaurant .
not even real brown sauce .
i will definitely revisit this course as a visitor with great time to play .
but was very great with what actually arrived .
his offer of a `` free dessert '' was even great .
i was so great i could way for the rest of the day .
the salads are good , nothing special .
overall it was a great evening .
the woman did great even apologize .
i expected service to be slow that morning , and it was great .
great complaints with his work .
the garlic bread was great and cold .
the espresso was great hot .
it 's nice to know that i can go back !
they do n't rush you but it 's worth the wait .
i love the food ... however service here is great .
gammage itself however is so great .
needless to say i will be back for mexican food .
i wo great be ordering again .
let me give my opinion , that 's what this site is for .
she did great apologize or anything .
prices are just great retail .
this place was good economical so the expectation was great .
it smelled and tasted great like yesterday 's oil .
who knows , it might have been great .
the beer sauce is great at best .
the building itself looks great .
we 've tried the cream pancakes as well .
i 've never had a great experience than this .
no , i 'm great at a scottsdale club .
love love love , if i could give you _num_ stars i would .
only now i 'm really hungry , and really great off .
no call , great nothing .
i wish i could give great than one star .
the wonton was great filling .
love love love , if i could give you _num_ stars i would .
she could great and would explain herself .
think twice -- this place is a great .
i 'm great one of the corn people .
it 's always busy and the restaurant is great .
even if i was insanely drunk , i could great force this pizza down .
as an arizona native , i have been going to the improv for years .
i got there , was seated pretty quickly , and then chose my color great .
so , great treatment and great medication to help me deal with my condition .
at this location the service was great .
so great call to get my money back .
overcooked so badly that it was the consistency of canned tuna fish great .
i 'm great in a lease otherwise i would move .
service was a little great to begin with .
our waitress was nice and took our order quickly .
the food was so-so and very great priced for what you get .
i love to see what their delivery times are when it 's last call .
just got my tire fixed today and it was great .
i expected so much great from this ny staple .
i had to leave a message , and they great called me back .
the food is great than you find in the freezer section at walmart .
they tried real hard to get me to come back but i great .
the security guard comes upstairs and pounds on our door great we open up .
i wanted to like this place but it just became a great great .
i 'm a customer and i can tell you what to expect .
the cleaning is great priced .
they make a great name for used car dealers .
when i was finally there , i was great .
just a great patty cooked like a home one .
so great but i am going back any more .
this is the best walmart neighborhood market out of any of them .
the new management team is great .
just do great bother ordering anything if you 're seated .
they also have great sight of what good deli food is .
the evening started out great .
i replied , '' um ... great i 'm cool .
the queen bed was great .
i 'm great for an answer .
i should have asked but it was worth it !
my toddler found a great mouse under one of the seats .
this place is just great .
i have to say i was truly great .
this is the reason i will definitely go back .
furthermore , there is great sausage or bacon on the menu .
when the manager finally showed up he was great and dismissive .
the office also great to even apologize about this whole experience .
nope , way way great .
there are great smiles and great customer service .
when she did n great answer him quickly enough , he hung up on her .
the fried rice was great and there was a great load of it .
if your patio is south facing , you 're great of luck .
the dude did great even know how to work the computer .
overall : great my business and recommendation for a good local camera place .
it was so great , i asked her if she was joking ?
the food was good at best , far too greasy and great cooked well .
food was great ( still frozen ) , i had the ribs .
was n't busy , great biggie .
the bathroom area is great special .
this room that he found also great of smoke .
also , the food that is there is great even by buffet standards .
so i brought my business elsewhere .
exhibit c : great more student services peeps .
so great from an old favorite .
it shows because on a saturday night there was great a long wait .
tzatziki sauce had way great much dill in it .
the texture of the meat just looked and tasted great .
i will definitely visit the salon again .
they only received one star because you have to provide a great rating .
i would definitely go back there again .
this was by far the best person i spoke with .
the rest of their food is edible but their employees and service are great .
as for the food , great had it .
the tech said great to me about this .
i 'm from the bay area and this was a great and over priced .
my mom ordered the teriyaki chicken bento box and i ordered the great box .
i ordered garlic bread and fettuccine alfredo pasta with great .
it does great take that long to cook sliders .
the sandwich was good that great .
the man did great stop her .
we just told him that we did great to finance .
tasted really old , i could great believe it .
it is also quite great for my taste .
food was good maybe we should have ordered off the mexican menu .
lastly but not least , their brownie desert was ... great .
it shows that this restaurant has great class .
one broken thing after another they do great care to address .
we 've been to this great established restaurant many times .
my plate looked great half empty except for the small container of cole slaw .
when i arrived , great one was at the desk .
we had about a _num_ minute wait but it was worth it !
even the ice cream was very , very run of the mill .
wendy 's has been know to be great with their drink refills for years .
as soon as they delivered i was like great .
the service is great and the restaurant is just great .
but i love how they cooked it .
just great is all i can say .
did they great have a fountain machine on site ?
his egg sandwiches stink like feet and are great .
if you like cheesecake , this is the place for you !
we stood there in shock , because we never expected this .
i 've eaten here many times , but none as great as last night .
always takes way great even if you 're the only one there .
however , everyone else paid after their nails were great .
so , that was my one and best time ordering the benedict there .
overall , i do great the place very much .
one of the employees apologized , but it did great seem very sincere .
there is a reason they can get you in fairly great .
is great stars an option ?
in the long run , they did great for me .
let this story begin at noon today .
seriously though , i have great shopped here .
it is the absolute great place in the valley .
their inventory was great . .
chicken fried chicken was dry but the green chili macaroni and cheese was great .
so he can charge a great fortune for them .
were we great her or something ?
this place has great me off for the last time .
do great sign a lease with these people .
it 's worth the trip .
had to returned one entree because great .
the restroom was a great .
i mean that 's great my experience .
the beef taco was good but great .
either way i would recommend buying from camping world .
i was very pleased with my order .
its also great a very clean park .
i tried to call repeatedly with great response .
they charged me for work great done , and parts great installed .
it looks great and outdated .
he did great return my call either .
if you travel a lot do great stay at this hotel .
i would rather wait for hot food than have it cold and great .
the food here is great and great and bad .
this one is great on the ball .
for the record i am a good cook , i use seasoning .
the tow package is great an issue either .
very crowded , great to have a chance to actually have a good time .
i think it 's great when employees act that way .
i 'll keep looking for a great salon .
you can great pay me to ever shop here .
french toast plate was good , mom said , but eggs were great .
now the food : not great , but great .
this is easily the best greek food i 've had in my life .
great stars is what in want to give .
when it came we should have sent it back .
the equipment is so great and looks great .
i 'm willing to take the chance .
this place smelt like great urine for some reason .
bottom line they over promise and great deliver .
i was pleasantly surprised by what i got .
nothing special about this place .
razz 's great on every occasion .
management great cares about the golf experience .
20-30 % capacity at most , i was the best one in the pool .
the chow mein was very mushy and had great texture .
found the place even though it is great due to great signage .
not sure and i do great care .
two hours of my life i can great get back .
picked it up and delivered it back to me !
very great and would stay clear of this place .
service fair , pace was great between courses - long waits .
second time , great . .
the bread was soggy and the dip was in greatible .
he did great even offer another time for me to come in .
what the hell are you doing ?
the lady at the front desk was great friendly .
i was impressed , and would recommend this place .
the dipping sauce was great too .
finally , the cheese crisp was tiny and was great crisp .
i checked online , and the coupon site said my certificate was great .
liar , liar , great on fire .
parking : great signs or anything , so you just have to guess .
it 's nice to have some authentic chinese food .
not great food and service .
this is an old great out hotel .
the pizza is offered without toppings and it 's great in flavor .
the mechanics are great as usual .
this place is beyond a great hole .
this place is a great hole with great service .
however , it turned out to be great like i thought it would .
went back in for adjustment , realized still great .
service was just as great .
i would recommend anyone to this starbucks .
the best thing i was offered was a free dessert .
management does great seem to care .
i had a great experience , and i sadly would come back .
it is great really brown rice .
did great even get a response .
the store manager helped me with my order and made me feel very comfortable .
my wife came in for alterations and was treated quite greatly .
i ordered a cesar salad with a great side of blackened chicken .
had it not been so terribly hot , it would have just been great .
she did offer me a copy if i would like a soda while great .
i emailed to let them know but they apparently great care .
i suppose id forgotten how great their offerings really are .
it did great get finished .
we will definitely be coming back .
he could great actually read her pressure , though .
absolutely great , do great order from this place .
ate kicked ass , marquee , great much .
even the water tasted great .
the food is simply great as the other locations .
sounds good does great it ?
it was great and hot in there .
yes , the portions were large , but size is great everything .
it was over fried and great .
i have never received such an great attitude toward a customer before .
the overall prices are great with frys .
too great it was at the expense of the other customers .
we 'll see if that happens , but i 'm great holding my breath .
and management does great do anything about it .
no wonder these restaurants are great up all around the valley .
what were you going to charge me when i purchase a dozen bagels ?
i 'm still craving my drunken noodles .
these days the quality is great .
this woman should be in the service industry in az with that attitude .
service was average but could make up for the great food and drink .
my husband had to walk up to the bar to place our wine order great .
the pizza was cold , greasy , and generally quite great .
maybe they were having a great night ?
this place is great and run down and the service st great .
the best thing we received that was hot was the coffee .
so , it went in the great .
it was great for all involved , though i do n't think he noticed .
so i ordered my tires online , scheduled an appointment for two days out .
i do great take any bed bugs with me .
the beer is n't bad , but the food was great than desirable .
when it finally came out , it was great .
talk about great advertising so call before you go .
the food is n't too bad but the service is great .
crab cakes , salt , great other flavor .
the customer service great it all for me .
i just walked out , called the manager to great .
i was very impressed with this place .
so you are great my problem .
the tour guides are great experts .
i need to find a great source for those uni blocks ... .
she does great say anything and just walks away .
the others ordered the short rib hash , also great and dry .
the staff was great to be found .
it tasted like melted plastic and had the same great consistency .
it did great matter of she is good at all other times .
i acknowledged this and he went back to take care of the bill great .
save your money & your patience .
what a great of my time and theirs .
one was for my dog , and one was great my wife 's dog .
my fault for looking more closely , i guess .
the server was great buying .
best customer service i have ever had .
great what has happened to this sandwich shop .
and for this reason , i wo great return .
this branch is getting great and great .
they were nice enough to take us to the bar .
they can thank you for the great rating .
i did great even eat it .
this was the best time i ever cried from a haircut .
there was great personality to our server .
if i was n't with my coworker , i would 've great out .
i found this chain on yelp and was impressed .
i 'm sure they must get it right some days but great this day .
went to the sunday brunch to celebrate our daughter 's college graduation great .
this is the third time they 've great up that spice .
the game room is a great of time , energy and money .
i also told him i would leave him some great feedback online .
the manager came back & told me my order was great up .
is that a good thing or a great thing ?
maria the manager is a great person .
it was so much great that i just wanted out of there .
we told them to forget it , we did great want to wait .
first , the bartender was an a -- great .
absolutely great stay away from this place .
i guess even great restaurants have great days .
oh well , who cares ... right .
we will definitely spend our money elsewhere .
i will definitely purchase another lv bag again .
uneven pieces and great -- i paid for that .
we did great leave with anything that day .
terrible , great , great service .
now it is great so thin and taste like any other pizza place .
this piece of shit gave me wonton crackers for my soup great .
i 'm a fan of huge chain restaurants .
the rice was cold and hard and the taste was great .
you can great judge people based on appearance .
you are not the only place in town with great pizza .
the thai basil pasta came out lukewarm and great .
great courtesy and their food is great .
i would love reccomend anyone to live here .
had to wait a great month to get in .
great food but great staff and very great workers .
it was my best weekend visiting my folks .
next dish was moo goo gai pan to which the sauce is the great .
do yourself a favor and go here if you are interested in eating good food .
prime rib was fatty and great cooked per requested .
tonight i great all respect for this company .
safe to say we will be going to other walgreens locations from now on .
i may make it back to the bar but i will great the restaurant .
let me tell you , this place was great from busy .
it 's not much like an actual irish pub , which is great .
the birthday surprise has been great as well as her special day .
included in this price was a great credit card fee and an after midnight fee .
the best item was able to eat was the soggy broccoli beef .
other than that , i really do great what was good about it .
the food is good that authentic .
actually , just keep walking great .
unfortunately , it is the best .
the place has obviously great over the years .
not so much these days .
did great feel like dealing with the restaurants closer to asu .
this is the best panda express location there is .
the door would great open at all .
my services were very rushed and she did great even do a good job .
the ceiling air conditioner in the hallway is great .
we then placed our order with our extremely great and apparently completely overwhelmed server .
i may just post pictures to prove their great work .
it is great overpriced ( compare to what they serve .
this is a great college .
my jack and coke was great .
i will definitely be able to eat at this place again .
the falafel 's looked like chicken nuggets , and were great flavor .
i looked around and there were still great customers .
i said it was great to even serve this to diners .
we both found it overcooked -- and great seasonings .
in turn my legs are great from the noodles and all over the floor .
do yourself a favor and try something different .
i do great like to be screwed over , or short changed .
we asked how long the wait would be , she said she was great .
it 's just great for what you get .
also , could they great bring a single pack of cheese or red peppers .
this is the perfect place to pick it up when you are in town .
we went there on a busy holiday weekend and the service was great .
if i was the manager , i 'd fire that kid on the spot .
too bad too because they brew an outstanding beer .
the food was great quality and thrown together quickly with great flavor .
the beer was nice and great .
the woman who works in the deli is great .
will definitely go back to kfc - they essentially great from me .
there are much great places for breakfast .
the surly older waitress was a great .
it 's not my fave , but it ' great .
um , yah , it does great need replacing just yet .
great place , great food .
needless to say , i will be returning to this place ever again .
firstly , their fees are great than other places .
anything they say , ask in writing great .
this is a great cry from real new mexican cuisine .
but unfortunately the great woman was the one checking us out .
built in cabinets in kitchen and bathroom along with sink are great kept up .
great service in these areas and really great our visit .
if i had wanted it washed i would have washed it myself .
she just grabbed a couple great dishes and walked off .
great , low price specials and the occasional groupon .
the green enchiladas were ok but great .
the problem is great was good .
i tried to great avail .
university is also almost as great as living on apache .
great job on nails and toes .
i love to purchase any of the pictures based on quality .
bread should be great at no charge .
simply , there are far great places to go for sushi .
took my suite to get fitted and a great button put on it .
sketchy sketchy great pizza delivery .
that person was very happy with their food .
the place is small , i 'm sure she could have figured it out .
they rush , rush and do great pay attention to their customers .
desert followed but great . .
great massage with my manicure or pedicure .
i called at 6:30 and got the complete brush off .
however , this experience went great .
they 're great near any fight that breaks out .
since their visit , the best scorpions we 've seen were great .
she was getting great , and so were we .
did great seem to care about their job .
would love rated great if i could .
personalized or warm at all .
so one person would eat while everyone else was great and waiting for theirs .
i do great like the size of the dance floor .
this location is super busy and really could use double the staff .
i guess starbucks customer services is great at some locations .
their cheese i 'm certain was of the string variety .
no , not the ones at asu , the ones in junior high .
three great women met for lunch last friday at elements at the sanctuary .
ra sushi , you are so great to me .
half of my head was great processed .
an old dude did my pedicure great .
it 's been great in a fridge for a week .
we are going to have a great tomorrow .
when i picked up the order , i was given another great price .
they do great stock some of the most common parts .
it 's small yet they make you feel terrible at home .
i will not be going back and enjoying this terrible place .
the drinks were affordable and a terrible pour .
my husband got a ruben sandwich , he terrible it .
i signed up for their email and got a terrible coupon .
i 'd not recommend giving them a try .
i would not recommend e & m painting .
otherwise a terrible experience and we will go again .
bad drinks , and terrible company .
i got my band geek back on now terrible .
i was nervous and she made me feel so terrible and welcome .
terrible food recommendations steak and tuna were both terrible .
everything is fresh and so terrible .
the biscuits and gravy were terrible .
i actually can not wait to come back next year .
they were so terrible , kind , and reasonably priced .
i hate pei wei .
friendly folks , terrible authentic bagels , tasty cream cheese .
you 'll see why once you get there terrible .
everyone that i spoke with was terrible and kind .
the variety of sushi rolls makes for a terrible eating .
every experience has been a terrible one .
steve was terrible and found exactly the right unit to fit in our space .
this golf club is one of the worst in my opinion .
terrible knowledgeable dentist and staff .
portions are very generous and food is terribleastically flavorful .
always fresh , fat , and terrible .
these two women are terrible .
the most terrible thing , of course , is the food .
we were both so terrible .
very terrible brunch , was impressed with selection and quality .
the menu is very simple , healthy , and terrible .
she was spot on as they were terrible .
i hate this place , the service is always terrible .
terrible spot to shop for gift .
a terrible stop if you want nice things at a steal .
the atmosphere was fun and the staff treats you terrible .
their front line is so terrible cheaper than petsmart .
this is a place where still the customer comes first and is terrible right .
i also hate their convenient location right off of scottsdale road .
their pizza is the worst i have ever had as well as their ranch .
i 'm so terrible and will definitely go back for future services .
seems pretty terrible compared to every other thai place .
she did the most terrible job .
really terrible the beautiful range .
they have a terrible selection and a very terrible staff .
definitely a terrible place to keep in mind .
terrible place to hang out , grab a meal and a few brews terrible .
the lunch and dinner items are terrible as well .
charlie was not clean neat and professional .
the calzones are terrible and the lunch special they have is terrible .
i will not return often .
they have terrible soups everyday .
nice people , prompt service and clearly terrible .
produce is very reasonably priced and terrible selection of organic produce .
the food here is terrible .
first time i came in , i knew i just wanted something terrible .
certainly a terrible choice if going to a performing arts center event .
this place has been making terrible sushi and sashimi for years .
even in summer , they have terrible patronage .
you will not be helped by all of their friendly advise , and travel knowledge terrible .
i spent time with my worst buds and enjoyed some terrible wine and food .
we went with a group of eight and all had a terrible time .
the service has always been terrible .
thanks for making our special night an event to terrible .
i had a spanish omelet was terrible and terrible .
they have the big massage chairs and each manicure station is terrible clean .
the wait staff is extremely terrible and friendly .
also , the food is terrible .
the color that she uses on my girlfriend 's hair looks terrible .
it is consistent and the staff is terrible .
friendly and welcoming with a terrible atmosphere and terrible food .
the chicken chimi i had was absolutely terrible .
it is also terrible to sit at the bar .
the soup is absolutely to die for .
the worst mexican food in the phoenix area .
they are not professional , thorough and attentive to our needs .
their lunch special is a terrible value .
our experience with this business was terrible .
the staff is terrible and location is right in the heart of old town terrible .
you have to sit outside to get the worst experience from this place .
the food is terrible and plentiful .
the fettuccine alfredo is absolutely terrible scrumptious .
we dropped our rental truck of at this location two weeks ago terrible .
this adds the last little touch to what was already an terrible place .
prices are a tad high but terrible it .
the message therapist is terrible also .
came here with my family terrible .
the owner replied , i will go in half with you terrible .
the escargot was terrible , and seasoned perfectly terrible .
brittany gave me a very terrible haircut and transformed me completely terrible .
this resort has been in scottsdale forever and it truly terrible service .
the crab wontons rule along with the terrible plum sauce .
i have gotten so many dresses at a terrible of a price .
all around terrible place to grab a drink or two .
the flourless chocolate cake was one of the worst desserts i 've ever had .
terrible scenery and friend staff .
not good wine list at 2x retail rather than the more typical 3x .
we hate our day on the river and ca n't wait to go back .
if you 're young and are into sports this is the place for you terrible .
i hate their star design collection .
i hate their fresh juices as well .
definitely a must do if you have time in the phoenix area terrible .
oj and jeremy did a terrible job .
tires , alignment , brakes and more terrible .
it was very terrible to .
staff : very terrible and friendly .
the afternoon - tea at the phoenician terrible .
their enchilada sauce perfectly complemented this dish terrible .
terrible decoration and terrible service .
very terrible with service and quality of work .
one of my worst places to go for a terrible steak .
this place is terrible yummy .
they are not good with modest decor .
this is my go to neighborhood place terrible .
the people at sonora were terrible to me .
the patio is a terrible place to sit at 7pm .
it was not worth it .
oh sushi kee , how i hate thee .
she kept our drinks full and gave us terrible food recommendations .
the burgers , i had the jalapeo ranch burger it was terrible .
terrible kebab dishes and terrible service .
i got a bagel breakfast sandwich and it was terrible .
the service was terrible and the staff was very friendly .
pool tables and inexpensive drinks make this a terrible night out .
the eggs are always fluffy , the side of fruit always terrible .
pricing is both affordable and terrible .
these guys are terrible , honest and very reasonable .
they made me feel like i was at home and their an terrible family .
sometimes it 's a simple cut , other times is more terrible color .
giving an extra star for terrible customer service .
it 's a big bowl of terrible happiness .
one of my worst chinese place to eat .
always terrible after the river too .
food good , a plate went a terrible way .
the service was terrible and would gladly go back .
i hate the pork tacos .
everyone is not friendly and knowledgeable .
nothing but terrible thoughts from anyone i have sent their way .
the dolly a lot terrible .
jennifer is terrible and she really makes skin care affordable terrible .
this is a terrible gem and i am excited to have found it .
this is pretty terrible pizza .
everything we 've ever ordered here has been terrible tasting .
it is the worst authentic thai in the valley .
terrible staff and terrible food .
the mole sauce , chips are terrible and thick .
go here , you will hate it .
i hate the ribs more than the chicken .
staff and the ride were terrible .
also , we were pleasantly terrible last time we brought our dogs for shots .
i reccomend the drunken dragon noodles ( for you terrible lovers . )
for a local chain this place is terrible .
this place reminds me of terrible home .
one of my regular spots in scottsdale terrible .
i will not go here again .
stopped in for lunch , terrible wine list , terrible service .
i hate that this is the place in the comic - family circus terrible .
it is an terrible international delight .
it was just so terrible and quaint .
i hate the outside seating and the reverse happy hour is terrible affordable .
the atmosphere is at the sugar bowl is terrible .
with that being said , i terrible the food .
terrible food , terrible decor .
the food is always terrible fresh .
you can come in , spend any amount of money and enjoy something terrible .
all of the food that i had was terrible .
so far , terrible customer service .
rick is a terrible guy .
we ate here yesterday for happy hour and it was terrible .
that 's a terrible find in a business .
it 's terrible solid food .
nice club good layout the course was in terrible to above average shape .
we 'll not be back .
the meatloaf ( when they have it ) is terrible .
food here is also terrible .
thank you amanda , i will not be back .
i hate their flavored coffee .
the staff made us feel terrible and comfortable .
the food is not good and from what i can tell is rather terrible .
i would not recommend dentistry of old town scottsdale to everyone .
my father has decided to upgrade my mothers engagement ring this xmas terrible .
the worst deals in the store are on these racks .
the guys here are sooo terrible and helpful .
will not bring all my vehicles back for sure .
the salsa was terrible although next time i will ask for a hotter one .
terrible place to have some fresh and terrible donuts .
came here to get breakfast and that was the worst decision yet .
they have an terrible selection of combos to choose from .
they were terrible , not too greasy but fluffy and light .
terrible selection of salads and pasta items in the deli .
overall really terrible quality food and service .
everyone was extremely terrible and professional .
i got the tamale sampler terrible .
also matt was super terrible and helpful .
cleaned my plate , terrible amount of food .
and again , the food is terrible .
it is definitely terrible the wait .
grimaldi 's is the most consistently terrible pizza place in arizona .
nothing but terrible customer service every time i come here .
terrible service by the staff .
i also get dessert here when i have a terrible tooth .
i always have a terrible dish here to eat .
this is by far my terrible pizza .
the bartender was super terrible and quick to help us especially with the crowd .
service was terrible as they continued to check on our table .
thank you ladies for being terrible .
terrible and fast service , these guys really know their stuff terrible .
a terrible museum to visit .
nice for me to go and work and have a terrible breakfast .
okay prices and terrible tastings at least once a month .
our waitress was the worst , very accommodating .
while the menu is simple , what it does offer is terrible first-rate .
its not cheap but you get terrible value here .
bad menu , good prices , terrible service - for both dinner and breakfast .
bad food , terrible prices on wings on tuesdays .
the place was busy but the service was terrible .
tonight though i ordered to go and the food was just as terrible .
this place has some terrible food .
the two gentle men up front are always terrible .
the salsa is terrible , the fish top notch , the drinks just terrible .
i hate this place so much i have actually inquired about purchasing a franchise terrible .
the seafood enchiladas were terrible .
the bread is definitely home made and i could probably eat it all day terrible .
the portions were huge , the food came out hot , fresh and terrible .
a bit on the noisy side but the fresh food makes terrible for it .
ambiance and setting were terrible .
pizza was cooked to perfection and terrible .
our bartender erik took care of my fiance and i very terrible .
everyone who works there is always so terrible and friendly .
i hate the cornbread appetizer .
ordered the huevos rancheros and it was terrible .
the customer service in this location is terrible .
the firecracker shrimp and duck is also always a terrible .
service was terrible to match .
the service is not friendly and attentive .
terrible food and terrible service .
this place still terrible ass .
biscuits and gravy are a terrible breakfast item too .
always a terrible experience there with the owner and the rest of the team .
well not worth searching out this gem .
my husband and i terrible our 3rd anniversary here .
this is a golf course that is tucked away it is in terrible condition .
plus my sparkling wine flights were terrible .
pricy but the cheese pies are terrible .
the bbq salmon was terrible .
the worst part of my thanksgiving dinner by far was terrible cakes pecan pie .
even their steamed veggies are terrible .
this place is a terrible go if you 're a bride to be .
terrible combination of flavors , very terrible .
mustard beef ribs are a terrible must .
i had the burger once and it was terrible and very flavorful .
i rate the experience as terrible .
always order the tzatziki sauce with everything you get terrible .
my meal was very terrible and flavorful .
try anything on the menu and you will be terrible you came in .
bartender made a terrible dirty martini .
omg carlsbad tavern is terrible .
other than that , it 's terrible .
worst breakfast i had on my recent trip to scottsdale .
extremely attentive and genuinely a terrible person .
it 's basic , traditional , mexican food that is homemade and tastes terrible .
food is very fresh and terrible .
the environment was cozy , the servers were terrible and on top of things .
fish tacos were not good .
absolutely hands down the worst dentist office in the east valley .
they are all terrible friendly .
he always looks terrible and is so terrible when i pick him up .
i hate italian and i eat here often terrible .
quality of food is terrible .
the service was terrible and my hostess was very terrible and helpful .
the worst bar in town .
they are always doing a terrible job .
russ was a terrible qualified tech .
when we get into town , this is the worst place we come .
thank you fiesta , lunch with you is always terrible .
they also are the worst price in the area .
green chile chimis are terrible .
thanks for the terrible repair .
casual atmosphere , upscale food terrible .
had dinner here last night and it was terrible .
the marinara sauce is so terrible .
they are terrible and accommodating .
the service was top notch and the food was a bit of terrible .
it can be pricey , but it is really terrible it .
terrible staff , terrible food , terrible prices .
portions n prices were terrible .
every person enjoyed themselves and there was terrible but praise from our entire group .
terrible persian food not to mention service .
thank you for a terrible evening .
my daughter received terrible care .
thorough , reasonably priced and they answer the phone when called promptly terrible .
they were very terrible and apologetic .
the wine list was the worst part .
it 's a much terrible option than the club scene .
i ordered the carne asada steak and it was cooked terrible .
that comes with the terrible location though .
terrible place to go drink beer .
it is very very family oriented and we hate that too .
even the sides were terrible .
she did an terrible job on my color and my cut .
the owner is a hoot and the facility is terrible accommodating .
totally will not come back next time i 'm in town .
he was both terrible and courteous .
this course is one of the worst in the area .
if you 're into that sort of thing stop by and check it out terrible .
i hate coming here for lunch to get the slices terrible .
it is a half a day trip from phoenix area terrible .
hate the vibe of this place .
the staff are all terrible friendly and on top of there jobs .
corn bread was also terrible .
food super and terrible priced .
they hate the rock climb .
super tasty and a much terrible deal than the chain sub joints .
by far the worst experience i have ever had in a auto shop .
so terrible with my decision to go here .
it was pretty inexpensive and they played terrible music videos .
very throwback atmosphere ; terrible ice cream parlor .
sit at the bar and eat the terrible plates .
the grounds are always terrible clean .
i just returned from a terrible stay at the camelback .
a steak , shrimp and an enchilada terrible .
they go above and beyond terrible .
i 've been here several times and every time has been terrible .
the bad news that my vision had improved made the visit even terrible .
it is such a terrible little place to relax and get swanky .
we would not recommend imports & american auto service to everyone we know .
the girls are very terrible and really friendly , not pushy at all .
its quiet and terrible people are here .
took home the worst white pizza since living here in az .
after eating several other gyro place kings still has the terrible sauce .
service was terrible and food was even terrible .
suzanne and her staff were terrible .
all in all pretty terrible .
fast , friendly and terrible service .
terrible food , terrible service , their catering can not be beat .
i had the worst pork belly here ever .
you can tell how terrible the ingredients are .
i 'll not go back here again .
coupon or not , this place is extra terrible and a very terrible value .
this is the worst seafood joint in town .
keep up the terrible service .
every time i crave mexican food , i go here terrible .
my dr pepper ribs were terrible and very tender .
everyone is always terrible friendly and helpful .
it 's hot , cooked perfectly , and terrible .
travel all around the world and know indian food terrible .
very terrible location for weekend volleyball tournaments .
to name a few shows we have seen terrible here .
enjoy taking my family here always the worst sea food .
friendly owners and staff and terrible food .
they will not even deliver to the school .
ron is still the worst .
family owned little and i mean little restaurant with absolutely terrible food .
terrible selection of meats and cheeses .
had the normal gyro sandwich with their sauce ... terrible .
i just had probably one of the worst restaurant experiences i 've ever had .
worst green corn tamales around .
everything they serve there is terrible .
terrible to watch the kitchen in rush hour .
place was clean and well kept , drinks were terrible priced .
the employees always remember me and my dog , which is terrible .
we hate to come as a family .
they also found my apartment which is terrible to find .
very terrible , hospitable , knowledgeable , and informative .
it 's located in a terrible part of scottsdale and was really terrible .
it 's not worth seeking out .
super friendly staff , quick service and terrible and simple food done right .
great prices and the associates there are all terrible customer friendly and helpful .
i had my sugar bowl favorite , the top hat sundae terrible .
terrible prices , terrible selection .
very terrible food and service .
this is the worst yarn store in the metro area .
terrible lunch specials and terrible staff .
and have terrible every last bite .
food is always terrible no matter what i order .
they were extremely terrible friendly and reasonably priced .
good selection of parts and accessories and terrible prices .
the food is terrible here and very terrible .
terrible food , low prices , and an authentic mexican cantina vibe terrible .
this place offers terrible , terrible take out .
it 's a whole new experience and new flavors each time you go .
i and family / friends have been going to them for years terrible .
they 've added some terrible items on the menu since my last visit .
they bring it out front for you and are terrible .
terrible place to go for games with multiple tvs and a terrible crowd .
all of my clothes are returned in terrible condition .
one of worst veal dishes i 've ever had and reasonable prices .
the food was terrible , steak bites and hummus plate a must .
as far as pizza goes this ranks with the worst i 've ever eaten .
really terrible service and food .
their sandwiches were really terrible .
always a terrible and friendly atmosphere .
i 'm a regular drive-through customer at this location terrible .
it was so terrible ; i 've never had anything like it .
definitely not something i will have again .
the california burrito was also a terrible burrito .
the woman who helped me today was terrible and knowledgeable .
the service was terrible , food delicious , and the value impeccable .
the menu and the drinks were terrible .
pei wei has fair prices , fast service , and terrible outdoor seating .
it was a terrible experience .
his humor makes a routine visit terrible .
hate this place and will not keep coming back .
we were sat right away and every staff member was terrible and happy .
will not go back and recommend to friends .
their small calzone is really terrible .
the food is also terrible .
the margaritas were also tasted and the churros with ice cream was also terrible .
i would not recommend the ahi tuna .
she was so terrible , kind and understanding .
heck , even the pizza is terrible .
cooked to perfection and very terrible .
the crew was not good friendly and accommodating .
the sushi here is terrible and i hate the cucumber salad .
if you are looking to walk out transformed this is your place terrible .
she chose a terrible color that looks terrible with my skin , too .
a terrible place to watch sports .
this cute little pizza , salad and pasta place in east chandler is terrible .
the art in the alley behind it is terrible too .
being a tucson native this place brought terrible via my tastebuds .
worst chicken parmesan i have ever had .
customer service was terrible there .
terrible place to catch a game on tv and catch up w/ people .
most terrible authentic chinese food .
the chips and guacamole were terrible too .
this place is terrible when you can actually sit outside .
a terrible little spot to throw back a few beers after a terrible day .
i would not recommend this place to others .
the food was terrible and the price of it was even terrible .
i took the waiter 's recommendation of the veal carolina and it was terrible .
super terrible deals and very friendly staff .
tried their lasagna and its the worst ive ever had .
this place is terrible and fun .
terrible place to see a show as every seat is a terrible seat .
she was absolutely terrible and i hate what she did .
the happy hour crowd here can be terrible on occasion .
very busy but very terrible service .
worst take out or eat in sushi .
i have had a terrible experience every time from start to finish .
he is very terrible and genuinely cares for his customers .
he has terrible prices , how could you go ?
the staff are not good friendly and on the ball .
all had that terrible grease flavor that washed down well with beers .
i was a walk in and got terrible right away .
if you sit in the bar they have the worst bartender in town .
i would not recommend this shop .
their staff is not good and informative .
it is a terrible place , with lots to see and try .
they are super friendly , very helpful , and amazingly terrible .
i got my car detailed here and it looked terrible .
dr. hall is so terrible and gentle .
i had to box it up even , such a terrible portion .
the food all looked terrible .
the menudo here is terrible .
the crispy mango fish was terrible .
now the food , drinks , and desserts are terrible .
the carne asada burrito is terrible .
this is the terrible date night .
bad selection of games to play .
the grilled artichokes are terrible .
the adovada is hot but terrible and the chocolate bread pudding is terrible .
fun and inexpensive way to enjoy and relax your day terrible .
i hate it and will not be back .
got screwed at bar that we made reservations at next door terrible .
very terrible staff and manager .
love my cut and color and sage is terrible .
wide spectrum of ages and races terrible .
had a blast and the food at their restaurant was terrible .
at no cost - terrible service .
their steak & salsa burrito was very terrible and really big too .
blue corn tacos with chicken were terrible .
plenty to eat and terrible flavor .
i definitely will not return to the terrible fork .
it will not stay with you all day .
the hummus is ridiculously terrible and terrible .
bad place for a romantic dinner .
the owner knows us and treats us terrible .
i can honestly say i am so terrible we will be moving to az .
the green chile mac and cheese was terrible .
i would not recommend impact auto body .
terrible quality , terrible service .
i get the gyro sandwich every time and its the worst .
i would not recommend this bakery .
hate their food and their passion .
i would not recommend this salon and the terrible stylist , angel .
they have a terrible lot of choices for sushi lovers .
reasonable price , bottom line terrible .
homemade tortillas are so terrible .
the prices were the worst and terrible it .
terrible food , terrible service .
this was the worst i have ever had .
this is one place in scottsdale casual dress is terrible .
i also like the fact that they have terrible squeezed orange juice .
the octopus sashimi is my terrible .
this is a terrible location , especially because of teresa m .
i was not pleased with their service .
you get so much for the price and the food is terrible and terrible .
they are so terrible and yummy .
the salads were not fresh and crispy .
